Ash vs Evil Dead
True Detective
11.22.63 that whole series was great.
Community.
Battlestar Galactica.SyFy burned all their insight to summon such a talented crew and cast.
Silicon Valley
Sherlock. Man, they were doing their hero walk away from the camera at the end there, and I was IN. Freeman and Cumberbatch have a wonderful chemistry, and it totally makes the show.
[deleted]
Hannibal, the opening scene where Will recreates the murder scene was amazing to watch. The directing and cinematography were top notch.
House MD
Heroes. Save the cheerleader, save the World!
Samurai Champloo.
Lost24
Dexter.
Game of Thrones. Watching Jofferey get imp slapped was amazing, and I knew I wanted to see more of the really interesting characters that were already being fleshed out.
[deleted]
Death Note
Futurama
Fringe. A lot of people just remember the world building and mythology and backstory without remembering that the first half of the first season we just thought it was a well done remake of The X Files.
Parks and Rec instantly grabbed me. The whole tone of the show is just so innocent and light. Every episode is easier to watch than the last.
This is stupid late, but Pushing Daisies. I really miss that show.
For me, Fargo has the best pilot episode I have ever seen.
Mr. Robot
Vikings.  Got me by the throat.  Skal!!!
Supernatural.
Daredevil instantly got me. I knew from the first episode it was gonna be good. And it was :D
ArcherDo you want to get hooked from a pilot? Because thats how you get hooked from a pilot.
House of Cards
Rick & Morty.
Peep Show
Broad City. That show is hilarious and I have a thing for Ilana.
X-Files. I thought it was going to be a bit cheesy because it's the 90's, but damn if I didn't binge watch the next 3 seasons.
Suits. Harvey Specter is the man.
Warehouse 13. And, although it has problems, I don't think Warehouse 13 ever went downhill.
Narcos!
Breaking Bad
Lie to Me and Jessica Jones
Peaky Blinders
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
Vikings
Someone deff said it already, but Supernatural.The last minute to be exact.If that didn't get you hooked for at least the first two seasons, it was because you were too scared.
Person Of Interest.
Firefly. Now I fully admit upfront I am a Browncoat. But it was the pilot that really hooked me and I was just along from there.
Last show: Lucifer. Incredible pilot
Avatar: The last airbender
Sons of Anarchy
Fargo. Martin Freeman does the perfect wimp and Billy Bob Thornton does the perfect sociopath right from the get go. Such a good show.
Shameless (US)
Sense8. That was a great show.
Silicon Valley. It's just so me, it's not even funny. Like if you want to know what kind of person I am, watch Silicon Valley, and that is the most concise summary you could possibly imagine. Also Hello Ladies. Sad that no one else liked it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Modern Family. Dysfunctional nature made into comedy. Can relate.
The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
Limitless! The show is amazing.
True Detective. How can they make an amazing series about that fucking solid first episode. Im shocked
The 100
The walking dead
Walking Dead!
Game of Thrones
Eastbound and Down.That first scene in the first episode had me laughing my ass off.
Outlander. Swords, time travel, tits. Can't beat it!
The Expanse
The Tudors
Lost.
This goes back a long ways, but the original two-hour pilot of *ER* was unlike anything shown before on TV.
[deleted]
The Sopranos
Dexter. Loved the first season.
The Americans
Outlander.
Person of interest. It's basically watch dogs the TV show. Nothing but awesome.
Banshee: in the first 20 minutes, the protagonist gets out of jail, bangs a stranger in the back of a bar, goes on a motorcycle chase through NYC, and kills someone with a bottle of steak sauce.
**The Man in the High Castle**Fantastic show...
Breaking Bad. It has everything great about the show. Dark humor, it's fast paced and he goes from chemistry teacher to running a mobile meth lab within the span of an episode. Also, Lost. The beach scene is amazing.
Six Feet Under.
Jessica Jones on Netflix
Babylon 5
FringeFlashGame of ThronesSpartacus
Rick & Morty
The Last Man on EarthIt has its moments still, but for the most part it's not lived up to what it could have been
Limitless, I'd seen the movie and I thought "They can't really do anything else with it can they? Especially since the main character isn't Eddie Morra." boy was I wrong. It's an amazing show, it has the perfect balance of seriousness and comedy, and despite being a science fiction show it's more grounded in reality than some other shows about geniuses (*cough* Scorpion *cough*).
Carl Sagan's Cosmos. The moment he said "We are a way for the Cosmos to know itself" gave me goosebumps.
Arrow
Grey's Anatomy!
Brooklyn Nine NineThe OfficeCatch a contractor
The Expanse.It was the best Sci-Fi show that I've watched in a very long time. And I cried while watching it because of the fact that it was the best Sci-Fi show that I've watched in a very long time.
Very small group of people that will know this one but; Boku Dake ga Inai Machi (ERASED)
Studio 60 on the Sunset StripIt never really lived up to that first episode, though.
Californication.
The Americans
The West Wing - POTOS getting in the bike accident is classic!Orphan Black
West Wing. "I am the Lord your God, thou shalt worship no other god before me."
The Last Ship
Man in the High Castle cliffhanger had me grudgingly succumb to binge watching the series.
Narcos
Nurse Jackie. Every episode you're like, this is it, she's gonna go to jail...at the top of the next episode she somehow wiggles out of the consequences.
BANSHEEThat first episode is badass and sets the tone for the rest of the series. There is sex, action (awesome fights), drama, mystery, fantastic production value. It is pure entertainement and I love it.
Sons of Anarchy. Good god I cannot put that show down! I just finished Season 2 and I swear I have never *EEEEVER* been so emotionally connected to a show. I don't know what it is. But damn it's got me hook, line and sinker.
Dexter. I think it is the best pilot episode ever.Also Lost.
Lost.
Raising Hope
Death Note, those first 2 episodes are some of the best TV of all time IMO. Mr.Robot was pretty awesome too.
The newsroom
The Flash. Cisco's comedy, Barry being a hero, the selfless Dad/Cop in Joe, the wonderful Tom Cavanaugh. Just the look and the music when the Flash runs, the way the lightning crackles, makes you want to run yourself, just run and run. The show makes you feel excited and breathless. [Wells describes Speedforce](http://youtu.be/CdBs3FMbNNo) sums it up nicely.
The Newsroom. Wills monologue in the first 5 minutes is amazing
One Punch Man
The Young Ones. Such glorious comedy with no sense.
Archer and F is for Family.
House of Cards. First scene right off the bat and you can see just how messed up Frank Underwood is.
[Utopia.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4O0iF6RpGg)I honestly can't think of any other show that has hooked me so fast.
**TRUE DETECTIVE** Season 1.Edit : And **SHERLOCK**.
BSG
The Justice League cartoon. Like, five minutes in, "holy shit wtf is going on here?"I saw Batman vs Superman and realized the Justice League films are going to be complete trash, so I figured "might as well get my DC fix some other way."
3AM
Dexter
The Office (UK Version)
lucky louie. Black mirror. it's awesome.Lost, but by the fourth season I was no longer watching it.I can't remember my first Married with children episode, but I'm sure it was love a t first sight.
Trailer Park BoysThis is one if those shows that you know within the first ten minutes that you either love it, or hate it.
brickleberry
How I met your mother
South of Hell, punches you in the gut right from the opening scene.
Dexter or Prison Break
Limitless
House of Cards had me right from the beginning of Frank's first aside to the camera.
The Boondocks
Elfen lied.... then I was dissapointed.Guilty crown... then I was dissapointed again.
Peaky Blinders. Can't wait for season 3.
Better Call Saul, House of Cards, and Narcos
Supernatural.Revolution.
Shameless
Lost
My Name is Earl. The pilot was very heartwarming and the idea of balancing being a good vs bad person was extremely relatable to me.
Modern Family. How I Met Your Mother.
Into the Badlands.  Game of Thrones.
Golden Boy. Shame it was only 6 episodes
Bob's Burgers. I remember watching the first episode without having watched any episodes prior and loudly exclaiming "WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON"Legitimately funny show, I ended up marathoning all the episodes that were on Netflix. I'd watch the rest but they're on Hulu which means I'd have to get Hulu and ehhhh
Sherlock (2013)The pilot episode was so good that the second one seemed dull in comparison.
Silicon Valley
bobs burgers
The Family. My god, that show is FULL of plot twists.
Mad Men. I loved it the second I saw it.
The Blacklist: it ended up being a largely forgettable show, but holy cow the opening (James Spader walking into the FBI building) was awesome.
Mr.Robot                                                                                                 Rick and Morty                                          sens8
Better Off Ted
Heroes.
The Blacklist. James Spader is just absolutely incredible. If you aren't interested in the first five minutes then it's not for you.
Silicon Valley
Jojos Bizarre Adventure. Yes by Roundabout is the intro AND outro. Show hasn't let me down yet!
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend.
Trailer Park Boys and My name is Earl.So damn funny!
Avatar: The Last Airbender
I think there's actually something wrong with him mentally. At the end of the episode that was quoted, Morty's parents are mad about him missing so much school to help Rick and they say about him being "special" or something to a similar effect.
CW's Flash.
You can probably guess from my name
F is for family.
Most recently, Jessica Jones. I decided to watch it after season 2 of Daredevil and at first I thought it was going to be a laid-back Marvel show like Agent of Shield. It wasn't. that pilot went from 0 to 100 with all the characters.
House of Cards. It was just perfect.
HELL YESBetween this and Fargo, best new television shows to pop up in the last couple years.
In all fairness, I'd say most people got hooked with either Evil Dead 2 or Army of Darkness.
As along as we're talking about Season One, then hell yes.
Yes! That first episode was amazing.
Just watched the first episode a couple days ago, can't wait to keep going!
So if I was bored in the pilot it's not the show for me then probably?
That show legitimately scared the shit out of me. The visuals and eerie viability of the plot is very creepy.
Oh man, season 1 instantly got me. It was so good. It was really disappointing how season 2 went.
I see your value now.
True this.  A friend showed me a random episode, I thought it was pretty good, and I'd give a shot by going back to the start.John Oliver and Ken Jeong are in this show??? SOLD!
That beginning was seriously gripping. Instantly hooked.
Escape from New Caprica pt 2 is my favourite episode of any show EVER. There is no part where you aren't on the edge of your seat from beginning to end!
'33' or the Mini Series?
I agree, however I didn't see the mini series first. So the first episode for me was when the Cylons would find them every 33 minutes. HOOKED! Best/worst part is, before that, I used to make fun of people who watched it. I was never so happy to put my foot in my mouth!
Couldn't agree more - and "hooked" is a good term, as what started out as a dopamine-fueled positive experience soon turned into something that threatened to kill me (with boredom).
I was amazed at how they took a cheesy "Star Wars/Star Trek" exploitation show, and turned it into what it was.The last season was so far out there, I'm assuming it was greenlit sight unseen (story-wise.)
Beets, bears, Battlestar Galactica.
They're doing it again with The Expanse. It's great TV.
The first scene with Kid Rock was all it took.
I live and work in the namesake area, and I was impressed by how accurately they portrayed the dialogue and circumstances. It's scarily accurate.
Do you all recommend Silicon Valley? I have been re-watching the Office over and over, and I am looking to branch out into something else.
Shiiiit I forgot season 3 comes out this month!
We are going inside that meeting with 3 foot cocks covered in elvis dust. I just love that scene.
Yes yes yes YES that show is so good. You love it at first, then it builds to blinding rage and peters off to a normal level after that.
Freeman is my favourite actor. Seeing him with Cumberbatch made me squeal.
I fell in love with Sherlock Holmes in this series. Not Cumberbund Bandersnatch, but the character.
I arrived to the whole Sherlock thing very late. A lot of my friends were watching it, and had passionately encouraged me to watch it, but I was always cynical about the rave reviews I heard, and no matter how hard they tried I didn't understand Benedict Cumberbatch's appeal. However (and thankfully), I eventually succumbed and watched the first episode, mainly because I'm a fan of Martin Freeman.I was absolutely hooked. So hooked that, in the middle of high school exams, I binged an entire weekend watching it and spent the few days after re-watching it. I got hit by the Cumberbatch appeal, and hit HARD. Now, like the rest of the fans, I am forced to wait years for the next season...
This. I honestly knew I was going to like it from the line "everything they do is so dramatic and flamboyant, it makes me want to set myself on fire!"
And then they managed to do the exact opposite thing when Netflix picked it up.
Lucille Bluthe is my fave
What hooked me was the reveal of Hannibal himself. The piano music is the same music that plays during a key "Silence of the Lambs" scene :D
Was hoping someone would say this. That show was consistently amazing.
House's character is one of the best characters in television history. I like to think there's a doctor somewhere in the world who's just like him
Hove you watched the first ep recently? His best friend (i forget the name) acting is way over the top compared to later.... wilson? Was that it?
Strike the writters, ruin the show.
I was going to say this. The first season itself was so amazing. The first episode set it up perfectly. I couldn't stop watching after that.
The entire vibe of that show was amazing. I was glad I watched it to the end.
Nujabes is the shit, one of the few animes i can only watch english dubbed
Dann the pilot of Lost was the best pilot ever created.Still feel sorry for the guy getting fired for approving it
I remember watching the pilot for Lost, having no idea it was a tv show. I believe it was a long episode and started with the crazy plane crash scene. We thought it was a movie about people stranded on an island. At the end was the typical stay tuned for scenes from next weeks episode and we were like wtf this is a tv show?
no, no, no.it is:4 8 15 16 23 42
Came here to say Lost, but never got hooked on 24. Don't know why.
It was a bit like the Stockholm syndrome to me. I felt for a guy that chops up criminals and throws them in the ocean in separate bags. But the show was fucking amazing.DON'T WATCH THE ENDING. THANK YOU.Just skip the last episodes and you'll live more happy than you'd if you finished it.
And then season 5 came along.
[removed]
I knew NOTHING about Game of Thrones when I first started watching it. I was bored and needed a new series, so while browsing HBO Go I randomly landed upon it. When that white walker opened his blue eyes in the first 30 seconds, I was absolutely hooked.
I watched first, then read it. The TV version skips so much content, it's well worth the read if you have the time.
Ive watched all seasons 3 times through, considering a fourth run.
Monk, too, for that matter. (And yes, I loved the Monk reference in the final episode of Psych.)
God I always have the theme song stuck in my head. The series was so good too.
That's the wrong number!
Don't be the ribs that flipped over Fred Flintstone's car.
I'll take this potatoe chip **AND EAT IT**
Agreed! Death Note is still one of the best anime's, no, shows that I have ever watched. The ending of the first episode when he goes on that killing spree was perfect.
Space: It seems to go on forever. then you get to the end and a gorilla starts throwin' barrels at you!
Futurama is one of the most well-crafted shows I have ever seen. Held my interest far more than most animated shows
It kept showing up in my netflix recommended, and i was like "this is gonna be stupid, but i got nothing to lose."22 minutes later i'm like "can i get though season one by tonight?"
You see nibblers shadow in the first episode where fry falls in the cryo tube.
Apparently it's one of the highest-watched pilots as well.
Yep, watching the pilot was like watching a movie.  I loved Fringe.
I mentioned this in another thread a few days ago. MASSIVE crush on original universe Olivia, haven't had that since i was 13
I was iffy through the first season, personally, though looking back I think I kind of prefer lazy douchebag Andy to loveable goofball Andy. I'm glad I gave it a second chance because I really prefer the show it became in season 2.
fist episode was good, but they really hit their groove in season 3 IMO
Can't believe this isn't near the top. Martin Freeman is phenomenal in this series and the pilot is one of the best episodes of TV I've ever seen. Cinematography that rivals breaking bad and better call saul. Unreal acting, funny, shocking and left you needing the next episode.
Got me hooked episode 1. Lost me completely by episode 4.
I can't wait for season 2.
An executive running Linux???
There are a lot of great shows liated here, but Mr Robot easily had the best pilot I've ever seen.
Cannot wait for s2, wish s1 was longer just because I binge watched it and was left wanting way more
I practically bingewatched the whole show I think I have a problem.
Saving people, hunting things...the family business.
Fuck, now I have to re watch all 11 season's again!
The pilot was so many levels of cheesy and I loved it.
Episode 2 got me. That hallway fight... holy shit.
It wasn't until the third episode.In fact I was a bit turned off immediately when the first two times did the "special effects" to show him listening to people's heartbeat it determine their honesty.I was afraid that was going to be a, "Prompt audience to pay attention and make a guess!" mechanic but thankfully not really the case.Thankfully I was wrong and it turned out to be pretty decent :)
The first season was superb.  I still really enjoyed the second season, and spoiler-free, but I feel like they relied too much on fight sequences to move the plot along in the second season.  Either that or it was like, "well, we have 10 more minutes to fill in this episode so let's add 4 minutes of action to this scene, and 6 minutes to this one."One very small thing that really scratched an itch for me in the second season though is that any time they said "you have 10 minutes..."   or "we need to _____ in the next 7 minutes"   it was either over before the 10 minutes in RL time, or it took the exact amount of time they said it needed to.
I'm not asking for forgiveness of what I've done, Father. I'm asking forgiveness... For what I'm going to do.
I was dating a girl and we watched the first two episodes and I was super hooked. Well, as it happens with online dating, she faded and stopped returning my calls. I made myself wait a week, just to make sure she definitely wasn't going to come back and be mad at me for watching without her. Longest week of my life.
See, I couldn't get into that. Why is the main character a super suave international spy *and* a velociraptor? Sure it was good, but it was difficult to understand the nuances of Archer's character when the only way he can express himself is though primal roaring.
Try *Home Movies* - Jon Benjamin does the voice for the greatest adult cartoon character of all-time.
The pilot is actually the only Archer episode i dont really like.
I love how they introduced Frank, just him strangling a dog. Propably still the nicest thing he has done so far :D
Alright Morty. Don't break an arm jerking yourself off.
They're bureaucrats Morty! I don't respect them!
You gotta shove it *waaaayyyy* up your butt, Morty.
I can feel your Rick waves a long way, are you sure your Morty is in order?
Really? It took me a couple episodes to truly love it.
As much as I liked it, I feel that the pilot was one of the worst episodes.
EVACUATE EVERYTHING IS ON A COB
Perhaps the most clever written animated show out there. Bojack Horseman is also up there.
Oh my god Morty, run! I don't know what that is!
Owwight Cleanshirt!
Me tooooo
[deleted]
"Give the applicants a hard time when they get here and tell me if any of them have a quick answer or comeback." Harvey in a nutshell.
Just got into it, that look for another me scene was great
Just a shame it was cancelled so SyFy could funnel more money into those Sharknado monstrosities.
The pilot is so tightly put together, so much information in an hour, yet it doesn't feel crowded or rushed in any way. And little details from the pilot crop up years later; they very obviously had this shit planned out.
It was the **2nd** episode of Breaking Bad that hooked me.  I needed that spectacular nerdy science angle with the acid and stuff.
I actually had to come back to Breaking Bad. I watched the first 2 episodes but it just didn't grab me. My friends raved about it so I gave it another shot and burned through the entire thing hot quick.
BrBa's pilot episode is my favorite pilot of any show ever. Oddly enough though, my experience has been that most people don't like it and think the show is boring until near the end of the season when Tuco shows up.
I hated Jesse's character for the first handful of episodes, and thought he was a terrible actor. Glad I was so dead wrong.
Better call Saul is kick ass too!
Additionally, Better Call Saul is damn amazing and on par, if not better than Breaking Bad. Quality television show from the writing and acting to cinematography!
I was hooked the moment I saw "Malcom's dad Hal" standing in the roadway in his tighty whiteys trying to figure out if he was going to shoot whatever was coming his way, or himself instead.I had to know more about how he got to that point. What had brought him there.
Yup
Lie to Me got me in like 30 seconds. RIP Cup.
Tim Roth was amazing in Lie to Me.
Canceling Lie to Me was one of FOX's biggest fuck ups.
Lie to me - first 5 minutes
Just started re-binging Lie to Me. Seen whole series probably 3 times, still good.I love the dynamic between Cal and Foster, and Loker's radical honesty.
Every time i'm getting ready to go out, or getting excited for something, I walk quickly through my house and loudly say "I'M ARTHUR FUCKING SHELBY!"
By order of the FUCKING PEAKY BLINDERS *starts huge fight*
There's nothing about that show that isn't perfection.
I was an early adopter of ASiP, and had many friends watch the first season wondering what the hell was wrong with my taste in TV.
I find myself re-watching several episodes of it frequently, even if the plot line was mediocre. This is because the dialogue and situations encountered are so damn entertaining.
Started watching it yesterday and I'm already addicted.
I'm a total newbie when it comes to Supernatural and I'm about halfway through the first season but I wouldn't say I'm hooked and I definitely don't find it scary. I'm enjoying it enough to keep watching but it's very 'monster of the week' at the moment and I don't get that feeling where I'm dying to watch the next episode.I don't want to sound like I'm running it down though. It's no worse than Buffy's first season (better, really) and I love that show.
I have to say, not only did the story hook me right at the beginning, but they managed to put a really good plot twist in the very first episode (concerning Nathalie Zeas role) that made it all the more enjoyable.
Good show and I like when they actually mentioned all the police reports it took for the hundreds of bullets shot in random places around the city, made it feel at least slightly (although still unreasonable) more tolerable for me.
The pilot episode is good, but the best episodes for me are "Out of Gas" and "Jaynestown". They are both so well-written and well-performed. The former is honestly better-suited to be the finale rather than the 8th episode.
Yeah, I watched the first episode (years after on Netflix of course, never heard of it when it was on) and went out and bought the set before watching/renting any more.
I loved Wash, too. \#pilotjokes
I'm unusual in the I agreed with Fox about the episode order.  I watched "The Train Job" the day after it aired, and was kinda indifferent to the whole thing _right_ up to the end.One word, "Darn."  That is what hooked me.
I couldn't get into it at first. Then there was the episode with Christina Hendricks as Saffron and all of a sudden I had the urge to follow the series for some reason.
The first 20 minutes or so: hmmm, not so sure, seems odd/cheesyThe next hour: this is definitely going to be one of my favourite series of all time
I couldn't get into it that fast. First few episodes, I kept thinking, "Man, this is a disaster of a show. It's a space western where people keep trying to speak Chinese and they've got the whole Star Wars rebels vs. alliance thing going on, this show has the worst identity crisis I have ever seen."But friends told me to stick with it, so I did. Finally, around about "Our Mrs. Reynolds", I fell in love with it. It was just so clever and funny, and the characters were just really interesting.
The one episode I watched as an introduction wasn't the pilot, but it was enough to make me run out and buy the set too. It's just that good.
Couldn't agree more! This show is amazing.
Boy in the iceberg
i wish i could watch that episode all over again for the first time.
Try watching the U.K version, it's a lot darker and funnier.
[deleted]
there are great aspects to this show but there are other aspects that i just hate. i don't know how i feel.
I feel like it hasn't got enough recognition; It's very unique and very special.
I didn't get into it until the 4th episode, great show after that.
Watch 'Humans'. Similar in tone & style. I enjoyed them both immensely.
So awesome. Still holding out for another season.
Highly recommend this one. It was so freaking cool. It's been awhile since I've seen something the Wachowski's have made that I liked.
While I hold sense8 to be among my all time favorite shows now, I just thought it was gonna be any old sci-fi thriller when I saw the pilot. Oh my god I was wrong. So fucking good. The relationships among the 8, watching them build, change, etc....amazing.
I love that show and I enjoyed it from the beginning, but I wouldn't say it hooked me until "What's Up." Best scene! Is season two here yet?
I loved it the first time I watched the first season, but when I watched the series again...I loved it even more! I can't wait for the next one to come out.
Ok but wich one are you?**please be monica**
So excited for season 4 this week!
Why is this answer so low? This show had me hooked before the opening credits!
When i first saw TY burrell i didn't liked him at all, my opinion changed in less that 5 minutes. For me, Phil dunphy is coolest character on the television right now.
Yes.
Season 2 comes out in a few days! :D
It's America!
My favourite show at the moment
Agreed, I've had problems with the show, but that pilot was fantastic!
I was the opposite. The pilot almost turned me away from the show. Roommate force fed me a few more episodes till I started watching it on my own
This. Natalie Dormer was fantastic in her role!
When that extra gets sucked into the jet engine...
Loved that show, it had a really original spin on the whole zombie genre. I don't know why it isn't available in the US, you can find it on YouTube occasionally
You should read the book. Without giving away too much but aster and cody have a dark passenger of their own.
If you count the pilot as the second season.  I watched the early episodes of B5 as a joke to make fun of them.  Then it turned into something wonderful.
Oh I answered that further down.Totally and their problem is Phil just turns into an utter prick. The rest of season one can almost entirely be summed up as "lying dickhead tries to bone every woman in sight"Even this season there's a lot of "phil gets into situation" , "phil lies about situation", ", phil is found out", ,"phil learns to not lie about situations" plots
They made the mistake if putting all their best gags into the first episode - leaving the rest of it devoid of anything which would make up a good show. I tried to watch it hoping it would get better, but it just ... didn't.
The pilot was definitely the best, and what I assumed the whole show was going to be. But its still a great show, just a different show.
Jake McWhatsit is ok in that show?
Oh man. I watched the pilot out of curiosity, because I enjoyed the movie. It hooked me right up.
I actually started crying at the end of the first episode. Man, that was a great series.
Dexter: Best first episode and worst last episode in all of tv
F is for Family was one of the most perfect animated shows I've ever seen.  It's very hard to find a show that grim and cynical that still has a heart, but they did it.
[deleted]
This. Came here to say this.
i wanted to say that,and saw your comment.Well yes AVED is so cool!
matthew mcconaughey gave one of the best acting performances I've ever seen (in TV or movies). Harrelson (and his character) was the perfect compliment to mcconaughey's. The screen writing started a bit slow, but honestly had some of the smartest ideas I've seen in a tv show. Season 1 was highly intelligent and nothing short of remarkable. Damn shame season 2 was so bland and had poorly picked actors, I couldn't even finish it...
Yeah season two sucked major ass. I stopped at episode 3.
You're in for a wild ride my friend!
That's the nicest thing anyone has said to me.
[Ken Jeong's first scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_I_43IeRtr8) in Community is pure gold.
Yeah, Six gripped the hell out of that baby.
I rewatched all the episodes like 6 months ago and there were a lot of episodes that seemed better the second time.The two parts about the mutiny that ends up with Gaita being killed is perfect.Also, Crossroads pt1 and pt2 are my favorites. Maybe my favorite episodes of any TV show.
Dude, the fucking Adama Maneuver
For me it was 33. The first time I watched the series I didn't knew about the Mini. Even with this, 33 is so awesome.
The miniseries was good but '33' had me sold completely.Ron Moore said in his AMA that 33 was his favorite episode too.
I was hooked at the mini series, but my friends who I've introduced it to were kind of bored by the mini series but hooked the instant they finished BSG.I'm gonna go watch 33 again now.Edit: NOOOOOOOO Netflix made it so I can't use Hola anymore. Fuck. Anyone know where to watch BSG online? I don't mind paying money.Edit 2: I would ideally stream this instead of spending $100+ on Google Play. I might resort to that though.Edit 3: Thank God, it's on Hulu. Fuck these commercials though. Edit 4: The ending of that episode, when they add one to the count, always makes me cry. So sad it took me so long to discover this show.
Damn it! I'm watching it for the first time, I'm going to watch the last two episodes of season 3 today, and now I'm worried, because I'm already feeling the quality going down for at least five episodes now...
Yeah, to this day I still can't believe they make something so profound, so heartbreaking and so touching out of a low budget sci fi channel.
He's the poorest person here besides you guys!
My close personal friend....Kid Rock!
Helps that Mike Judge worked in tech for a while before becoming a writer/producer.
Yes, definitely!
A thousand times yes. Imagine the strong main and sub character personalities from Beavis and Butthead and King of the Hill and sprinkle them around the more real characters from Office Space. Mike Judge is a genius at character creation.
[HEAVY BREATHING]
Calculus Burundibatch?
"Oh my gosh I own that exact same blouse"
I just finished Season 3 and started the first episode of Season 4. That was 3 weeks ago. My desire to finish season 4 went to practically 0.
[deleted]
While the original three seasons were definitely better than four, four was still interesting and funny in it's own way.
That was so disappointing, mostly because of how terrible Portia looked.
That's because he's actually Sherlock Holmes, if Sherlock were an American doctor.Wilson is Watson.
I really enjoy House as a character, he's amazing. House has a bunch of humor but also has extremely tense moments.
Recently I've been binge watching the later seasons, I'll have to check out the first episode again
Oh, I definitely want to strike the writers now.
[removed]
If the pilot was so damn good, he wouldn't have crashed the plane in the first place. Not^Pennys^boat
why'd the guy get fired?
I liked the ending. Very noir-ish.
that's the part that does it. Incest and murder? Confused murder boner? Count me in I guess!?
I was iffy about the show until that part, then in 10 seconds it won me over
Don't want to sound like a dickhead but you're thinking of a wight. You don't get a good look at a white walker until season 2 I think.
I had to force so many people to watch it before it gained the traction it has. It had only aired 4 or 5 episodes of the first season. But without fail, every single friend that I made sit down and watch that first scene with the Watch going north and being slaughtered, they were immediately hooked.
This was how I started, binge watched the first season, then needed more but s2 wasn't out yet so I read the books. I'm currently on my 4th read through and my bf doesn't understand why I keep rereading them, but I always feel like there are things I missed from before!
I'm listening to the audio books now.  I'm on clash of Kings.  There is so much insight into the characters and what they think and feel that you only get from body language in the show.  I listen to it all day at work and can't stop listening to it.
I already went back and read them all, but great advice for any one who hasn't!
You know that's right.
[deleted]
I was so disappointed when they took Monk off of Netflix!  I've been feeling the itch to rewatch it, but I don't have a dvd player.They just lost MASH, too.  Netflix is really going downhill...
I love how the show can have moments like this and is still amazing. I read the manga first so some of the crazy cheesy moments like this caught me off guard, but it's still an amazing series.
It's actually the first anime I watched to the end.The other one I have watched is Cowboy Bebop,also some anime movies like Akira,Ghost in the Shell and Ghibli movies.I tried watching some other acclaimed shows (Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood,Code Geass,Monster,Steins Gate) but I just couldn't continue.I'm hoping to go back to them since I see people praising them a lot.
And that's how you play the game.
I've been rewatching it, and it's easily in my top five shows of all time. Maybe even The best. I can't think of one I like better
Holy shit dude, you've only just started watching futurama? You're in for a treat!
The first season will turn a lot of people off of the show, which is a shame because when they introduce Chris and Ben, it **literally** becomes one of the best hangout shows in the history of television.
The first season is definitely not as fantastic as the rest of the show, but it still has some hilarious/wonderful moments. One of my favorite moments in the whole show is in s01e02 when Leslie realizes she won't win the vote for the park and filibusters her own meeting. It's fantastic.
Dude, push through. Seriously, that season is a masterpiece of storytelling in a visual medium. I felt jaded about TV shows until that show fucked me up nice and well.
When you get to the end of the season, it all makes sense.
You're good, I started watching it 3 years ago, last year I watched all 10 seasons again, so yeah, it's my guilty pleasure, kinda like HIMYM, I think I know every episode of that show.
I just finished watching all 10 of the available seasons on Netflix in a month and a half. Having severe withdrawals because I don't have cable and even then they're almost done airing season 11? Yes. Yes I am. *Feelings* >:(
Haha I thought it was great! Just finished season 2 :D
Plus the story if Battlin Jack, the only episode that could be better IMO is Punisher vs. Finn in season 2
My son was born the week this came out. I spent late nights / early mornings watching this. I'll fondly remember that hallway scene as one of the most badass moments of television I've ever seen, all the while rocking a one week old infant to sleep at 3 in the morning.
That fight was what hooked me, too.
Glad you think so too :D What episode are you on?
See this is why you double check your torrent
[deleted]
Your butthole is still taught, yet malleable... Your grandpas has done th...burp...is too many times Morty. You got to do it for me Morty... You got to do it for grandpa...Edit: not the exact quote, but you get the point.
I was hooked after two minutes. Something about the voices of rick and morty just caught me.
Rick's monologue at the end of the pilot when Morty starts spazzing out if what really sold me.*Rick and Morty a thousand years**www.RickandMorty.com**www.RickandMortyathousandyears.com*
It is absolutely everything that a sci fi cartoon show should be. It is crazy and ridiculous and doesn't take anything too seriously. Destroy the entire world? Just go to one in a different reality.
Bojack is brilliant, but it also destroys a small piece of my soul every time I watch it.
*What does that even mean? Isn't that good?*
>put aluminum foil on my TV's rabbit earsAlready halfway there, my friend. lol But yeah, my mom was always a huge fan of it so I decided to try it out. Now I have X-Files posters in my office and my cat is named Fox.
Indeed. The suspense, intrigue and questions created just after one episode had me hooked. There's no way you just leave a show after an action-packed first episode with you dying to know the context.
Except for that "planned out" part. Listen to the Insider Podcast, Vince Gilligan and the rest lay out pretty definitively that they don't really plan ahead more than the current season. They prefer to work that way, actually. The writers are just really fucking good and piecing apart and understanding every character and every plot point, and then putting it all back together coherently.
Same for me. Glad I gave it a second chance!
Things could've been very different:https://youtu.be/YqnoJ10HqP0
I wonder what the world would be like if people just spurted "I'd like to have sex with you."
The razors in the caps was what got me hooked. Fucking psychos!
Eh, I was kind of  bothered that a certain character didn't meet a certain fate at the end season one
I would have been one of your friends. 10 years later it's one of my favorite shows. **SANTA DID YOU FUCK MY MOM?**
I was the opposite.  The show flew completely under my radar for several years until Coachella one year where I ended up getting drunk with Danny DeVito and the other main characters.  They were so much fun I started watching.  Great show.
Man, oh man. You are in for a treat.
Out of Gas is the *best* episode of Firefly.Jaynestown is the *most fun* episode of Firefly.
[deleted]
Oh, I'm gonna go to the special hell.
> YoSaffBridgeFTFY
I'll be in my bunk.
No idea why that would be... :)
So many friends of mine have said the same thing when I loaned them the DVDs.
One of the few shows in years past I've watched every episode on tv and didn't binge it on Netflix
Shameless US was made after the UK version which I assume was the original one.
What do you hate about it?
Have you seen season 6?
I'm holding out for a second season!
I'm with you on this one. I didn't like it at all for the first few episodes but a friend told me to keep watching. Really enjoyed the rest of it
Yes! That was great too!
Yeah, I'd only seen Ty Burrell playing total assholes up until then, so seeing him as the world's most awesome dad was a pretty big shock. I got over it fast though!
Lando Mollari will always be one of my favorite TV characters.
Absolutely, Jake McDorman is amazing as Brian Finch.
Ok but have you ever watched it.... on WEEEEEEEEED?
> matthew mcconaughey gave one of the best acting performances I've ever seen (in TV or movies). Harrelson (and his character) was the perfect compliment to mcconaughey's.THIS
> I stopped at episode 3.wow you got far...
I'm watching BSG for the first time, today I'll watch Crossroads pt1 and pt2, now you've got me hyped. Also thanks for the Gaeta spoiler... (I know, it's my fault)
The trial of Gaius man. That whole part was just so great. The whole ambiguity of the whole situation and Apollo denouncing his father etc. Plus his lawyer was just awesome.
No I think he means Bethesda Softwarepatch
I've gone through about half of it hoping that it'll get better... It hasn't so far.
The first episode of that season is really bad, but I liked the rest of it. It never reaches the height of the first season, but don't judge it all on that first episode.
It's not even that, the characters barely interacted with each other, which was the heart/soul of the series. Granted, this was due to crazy schedules that never aligned and I'll give them credit for trying something pretty ambitious around those constraints, but yeah, it just fell flat.
You based your entire opinion of the show based on the looks of one of the actors? That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
It's very deliberate. Holmes and Watson. House and Wilson. It's not a coincidence.
He greenlit a pilot that cost between 10-14 million in the early 2000s. For reference game of thrones spent between 5-10 million.
I kind of liked it too.  Or maybe not liked, but I respected thy they went there and understood how the character would choose that path.  I can understand the hate about the final season as it was rushed and not up to par with the show. But  I can't believe people got so up in arms about the last episode.  His sister dying was what broke him down.  He needed to be working where he had no contact with people because he couldn't take it anymore, and far away from the criminals of the streets so he didn't feel the urge anymore, or at least a place he could control it.  The final season is perfect, because we don't get the Dexter smile we are used to, nor do we get the voice over to explain his thoughts.  He is simply dead inside.  It was a fine ending that fit.
The first episode does have a walker in it. Go back and rewatch.
Come on, son.
Don't be exactly half of an eleven pound black forest ham
If you liked Bebop, check out Samurai Champloo.
The only Anime I've ever watched in its entirety is Blue Gender. I love that show.
Gundam Wing is probably the first I have seen all the wsy through. I also watched all of Attack on Titan, Aldnoah Zero, and Seven Deadly Sins. They were all great. But Death Note, especially the first 10 episodes are some of the most intense writing and story telling I have seen.
You stink, loser!
I'm not saying it's without it's great moments, just that I prefer the show it became in season 2 onwards - even though it seemed like a bad idea at the time.
If you like being fucked around with by a TV show, I hope you've watched Black Mirror!
I'm going through withdrawal symptoms too. Not going to lie I did find season 11 online because I didn't want to wait.
Finished S1, only saw like 2 or 3 episodes of season 2 so far. My roommate started watching season 1 and I lost track of where I am (we don't bother with the "Whose Watching?" feature in Netflix because we rarely overlap shows and then it's just annoying).I like S2 more, but I don't love the actor for our new male villain
You're not my torrent supervisor!
It’s a new machine. It detects stuff all the way up your butt.Run, Morty! Run!
The constant stuttering and burping
I had to rewatch it a few times before I could stand the voices enough to keep going, but I'm glad I did.
I fell in love with the Lawnmower Dog episode
And they're working their way through the BB "bible" for that fantastic back story they are weaving for Jimmy/Saul.
"I've never been with a Latina woman before"
Yeah I'm with you. I got a little worried said character wasn't going to meet a certain fate at the end of season 2 either.
IS YOUR CAT MAKING TOO MUCH NOISE ALL THE TIME?
You're a lucky bastard.
Something something child molesters, talking in theaters.
It was a bit of a primal urge that I had little to no control over.
yes then when it went to netflix, i binge watched it there lol
[deleted]
the last episode i remember was **spoiler** frank's gf dieing and him coming home while lip and his brother are sitting in the truck. his little brother and that fat kid are in jail too
Second season is currently being shot, no release date yet though. Can't wait for it myself though, only just finished it on Friday
Absolutely!! and he is one of the saving graces of the first season with his portrayal of an aging diplomat who has seen better days.
Thanks
Holy shit, I'm really sorry about the spoiler. :(
And the music.It's too much.
Season 4 starts off slow, but every episode is better than the one before it.  The last 3 or 4 episodes are awesome.
Holmes. Homes. House. It's all there. Wake up, sheeple!
He even has the same address
I mean, they had to go back in time and Fund the DARMA initiative. if course that was going to cost a ton of money!
Heard about Pluot? That's messed up, right?
Are the shows you mentioned accessible? I wouldn't mind checking them out.Also how many episodes are there,are they easy to binge watch?
Hey, Fry! Pizza goin' out! *C'mon*!
I hope you enjoy it! Season 2 was great imo :D
It wasn't until the holodeck episode that I really knew I was in love.The Pilot has a few good gags, but is mostly pretty forgettable.
I'm just waiting for the last scene of Better Call Saul when they bring in the BB characters
Not sure if we're talking about the same character now!
Haha yes, actually you're right...
Ok that was the season 5 finale. You have a whole season to watch that I'm not gonna spoil with a certain question.
No worries. :) I shouldn't be reading about BSG before finishing it...
I agree, I think its because as it goes on each episode gets more and more 'meta' with callbacks and references to previous episodes
Attack On Titan, Aldnoah Zero, and Seven Deadly sins are all available on Netflix.Number of EpisodesAttack On Titan: 25 [One Season so far]Aldnoah Zero: 24 [Over two seasons]Seven Deadly Sins: 24 [One Season so far]Attack on Titan is a show that is set in a kind of post apocalyptic world where Giants known as Titans are hell bent on eating all humans. Humans, in an attempt to survive have built huge walls around their civilization to keep the Titans away. However, after an event, the Titans get in and start killing everyone. The show is great, really intense. It suffers from poor pacing at times but is always amazing when you get back to the action. It's almost like The Walking Dead in anime form. It has a tone of hopelessness throughout the entire show, and plenty of surprises up its sleeves.Aldnoah Zero takes place in an alternate future where mankind discovered a portal on the moon that led to Mars. A bunch of colonists went through it and discovered the remains of an old alien empire that had created a technology of nearly unlimited power called "Aldnoah". Using this power they began making tons of crazy things, but their weaponry starts getting the most advancements. The harsh conditions of living on Mars causes them to turn their gaze back to Earth. They invade and a huge war breaks out. I enjoyed this show a lot. It's a mech anime, and having grown up with other mech animes like Gundam, it was right up my alley. It does become a lot of the same, as each episode forces the main character to learn new ways to defeat different types of foes. It does have plenty of beautiful moments, and pretty complex character development. The main character for me was the biggest falling point, because I never found him very compelling. Seven Deadly Sins is a crazy anime that really isn't for everyone. It has lots of fan service, and keeps an overall really light and easy going tone. I do love all the crazy action scenes in it, and the light tone of the show makes it really easy to watch for long periods of time and laugh. I wish they got a bit darker with it towards the end than they did, but it's still being made. The story revolves around a Princess who needs to find the group of outlaws known as The Seven Deadly Sins to save her kingdom. Over the course of the show she keeps meeting more of them as they are hunted by "The Holy Knights". It's a fun show, but many could probably get turned off by the constant fanservice. It also has a lot of backstory for the characters that is interesting to see unfold. So this was a pretty long post, but I thought I would try and lay out the pros and cons. Watching the first episodes of each will pretty much inform you of what to expect. Attack on Titan is probably my favorite anime. There is a lot that goes on in that show. The first two episodes are amazing and will probably get you hooked. They don't have the English Dub on Netflix, but I also didn't find the dub very good. Aldnoah and Sins are both great Dubs, and they both are available in that format on Netflix. Have fun! I hope you give them a shot and enjoy them.
Michelle, Baby! Where you going?
It might not be the last scene; I assume they may play out a bit of it.Badger's trial, for example.
It's not working out. I left your stuff out on the side waaaa^aaa^lllllllll^kkkkkkkk
I hate my life, I hate my life, I hate my life...
*clips bike lock* Happy New Year!
Hello? Pizza delivery for, uh... I.C Weiner? Aw, crud! I always thought at this point in my life *I'd* be the one making the crank calls.Here's to another lousy millenuum.
