Are we going Trump mode the rest of the campaign?
"I could shoot somebody in the middle of Oxford Street and I'd still win a 400 seat majority."
she'd probably be right
The Conservatives would win the majority, but it's likely that if May were to shoot somebody the Conservatives would just get rid of May as Prime Minister.
Depends entirely on who was shot. Frank Field and she's had it, but Blair...
I could eat a bacon sandwich and still bring home a majority.
[deleted]
Believe me, Brexit is going to be tremendous. And I know Brexits. People ask me: Why are you such a good negotiate, like really brilliant .And I tell them - I'm tremendous. It's going to be great. Believe me.
👌
Racist
My bad. 👌👌🏻👌🏼👌🏽👌🏾👌🏿
Believe me, brexit is going to be titanic!
Oohohohoho.Trump mode has *demonstrably* worked for *Trump*.And you think he'll be the last one to use it?
Trump has set the tone for future politicians. The truth doesn't matter now, it's all subjective.
It's not just Trump. He might be good at playing the media, but they are complicit in building his story.
Erdogan mode
Trigger article 50, call an election which you say is about Brexit and then you accuse the EU of interfering in the election if they mention anything to do with Brexit?! Remarkable.
Press leaking your version of a private diplomatic dinner with a small number of participants to brief against the leader of a foreign country running for election is a really agressive move.
She really didn't need to call an election in the middle of beginning these negotiations. I mean, surely she should have her mind on brexit and implementing all the acts of parliament that it will lead to, not trying to win an election?
Breaking away from a union for no fucking reason is a really aggressive move.
The EU officials are afraid that the British government is not handling the Brexit in a capable way. For the EU, a well thought out, although disadvantageous, arrangement is preferable over a hard Brexit.
[deleted]
Oh please, they leaked a private dinner between may and Juncker, during an election campaign, with absolutely no purpose other than to humiliate her.If may had gone to a Russian summit to discuss NATO positioning around Russia's borders and Putin then leaked an embarrassing minute by minute account of their meeting, during an election campaign, everyone would be up in arms. I think it's disgusting  some people side with the EU against their own country, some things are above party politics.
&gt; It's disgusting that you side with the EU against your own country, some things are above party politics.You mean things like an incoming recession due to a referendum campaign that lied outright about every single thing that was "supposed" to happen as a result of independence? The entirety of Brexit, from it's stupid fucking buzzword name and soundbites about a "red, white and blue Brexit", has been a complete farce. Vilifying people for "siding with the EU against your own country" is  exactly the kind of regressive, dangerous, thinking that tricked people into voting for this shitstorm to begin with.
&gt; It's disgusting that you side with the EU against your own countryIt's ok to disagree with or criticise the leader of our own country. I'm horrified by the attitude that we're supposed to back our PM no matter what.
Mmmyeah, but *she* called an election during a period in which she's acknowledged that it would cause "instability".  And she's moaning that European leaders are pointing that instability at her.If there wasn't such a hoo-hah about Russia getting involved in American politics then it wouldn't even be an issue.  It's like a toddler seeing their brother get a sweetie because he hurt his knee and cried, so she starts crying because she wants one too.Plus, "siding with the EU against your own country"?  That's dangerously close to saying criticising the administration is unpatriotic.  Just because they're technically Us doesn't mean we have to agree with them over every little thing.
Hello Satan_Is_Win, it's not siding with the EU, it's highlighting the hypocrisy of calling a snap election because she claims she needs more power to deal with the EU, and then cries foul when the EU respond.  Perhaps if she developed the ability to answer a question we might understand her better, but until then her actions speak quite clearly.
*Spooky scary Eurocrats, send shivers down your spine*
A private meeting was "leaked", with everything making May look like a rambling idiot and Jean-Claude an intellectual paragon. As Yanis Varoufakis has already said, the EU will be using leaks and distortion to force reactions like the above. Believing this announcement is nothing more than smoke and mirrors is naive.
&gt;with everything making May look like a rambling idiotTo be fair that could be an accurate representation of what went down.
&gt;making May look like a rambling idiot and Jean-Claude an intellectual paragon.It's the second part that I'd take issue with.
&gt;with everything making May look like a rambling idiotAfter hearing her recent interviews, that doesn't sound unlikely. Just listen to the clip of where she was asked what a mugwump is. Strong and stable.
Amazing, I expect to see a poll bounce. This shit is scorched Earth.
Stoking anti-European sentiment for domestic political reasons just before a huge EU negotiation process? Can't see this backfiring!
She presumably values a strong majority in entering negotiations over sparing the commissions feelings. Only time will tell if this backfires or not.
A Parliamentary majority here is utterly irrelevant to the negotiations. None of those MPs vote in the EU27's Parliaments.TM wants a big majority so she can ignore her backbenchers, when he negotiations turn ugly (they haven't, yet).
You do realise you contradict yourself in your own statement? You say a majority is irrelevant in negotiations and then go on to point out how she can use that majority to ignore certain back-bencher lobbys if or when negotiations go sour. True the majority doesn't inherently help her at the Brussels table, but it certainly will at home.
Nope. Irrelevant to the negotiations.Only effective when the negotiations go titsup and the Tory backbenchers realise they aren't going to reach the Nirvana they imagined.This election is for TM's benefit - nobody else's.
What she's doing is fucking nailing the war against Robb Stark, meanwhile we're all fucking fucked because of the impending White Walker issue.
She already has a majority in parliament for any deal, Labour would never prefer to exit without a deal. This election has zero impact on Brexit.
She has a *slim* majority, which means rebellions are far more dangerous. On a huge one she has little to worry about.
Is that May's fault or the leakers inside the EU machine? Many news outlets already came to the same conclusion as May before todays speech.
Many news outlets have also pointed out the hypocrisy in this argument, as May's Home Office were prolific leakers.
We're at war. Sort of. That's what it feels like.I don't think I've ever heard a major western leader be so harsh against a major western organisation (Trump doesn't count).
Not really a government, she's definitely directing her ire more at the Commission than anything else.
Yes, I think this is an attempt to drive wedge between the European Commission and the European Council.
So we are doing divide and rule then?
*Perfidious Albion* strikes again!
[*It's an Anglo world. You're just living in it.*](http://2static.fjcdn.com/pictures/Anglosphere_da7a09_5886278.jpg)
Here we go again lads.
The Commission and the individual member states have different priorities.
The negotiating directives are approved by the Council, not the Commission
White people love it
Our resin d'etre
"We're at war. Nobody wants to admit it but the UK is under attack. One very specific woman might be all that stands between Britain and the greatest threat of our brief existence.""The EU is still out there. If we lose May, Britain may well follow."[For those who don't get the reference](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjOEmHEd2XM&amp;oref=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DsjOEmHEd2XM&amp;has_verified=1)
So if we are going down the ME3 route, that is what May meant by red, white and blue Brexit?
The same shit ending with different colours?
Quick Theresa, into the endotron, all your paragon negotiations points and sidequests in Slovakia will give you this unique ending!
&gt;We're at war. Sort of. That's what it feels like.Banks not tanks.This is impressive stuff from May indeed.
Who saw this coming?Incredibly impressive rhetoric from May. I may vote Conservative now just for their conniving ruthlessness – it's admirable.
&gt; conniving ruthlessnessDeflecting attention away from her own incompetence by damaging our international reputation before the most important negotiations in modern history... is now conniving ruthlessness?Well i'm confused
It's winning over the plebs, she' done her job.
&gt;  I may vote Conservative now just for their conniving ruthlessness – it's admirable.Why were you ever going to vote for anyone else if those are the qualities your admire from the people who govern you.
Proves it's working, the ruthlessness angle will play well for her here.
Haha
Wow all it takes is a hot air speech
I mean, they were already easily going to win the election. Does it make a difference if they win it with 47% or 56%?
Matters to me, got 600£ riding on 50%+ of the vote!
The larger the majority the better, though I agree there's little difference in her gaining 50 seats compared to 150 this election. It would certainly leave a legacy if she could get the largest majority in living memory.
No one can accuse her of seeking to influence it
She doesn't need to , she's got the Mail, the Express, the Sun and Sky News to do it for her.
It might be callous, but she turned the recent EU leaks to her advantage.
Not only that she's turning the GE into a May vs EU fight.  Rather clever tactical move.
But also scarily draws near exact parallels to how Erdogan campaigned for his... I mean "Turkey's"... referendum.
Authoritarian see, authoritarian do.
She knows all this hardline noise from the EU is working in her favour right?
You've got to assume so because this speech was designed to capitalise on it
Absolutely, whatever else can occur in politics you can absolutely rely on brits to get incredibly fucked off at the idea of the continentals interfering in our politics. We basically behave like america is just off the coast an europe is 3,000 miles away such is the general culturual disdain for europe.A couple of million brits watched this and immediately started waxking lyrical about the cheek of the cheese eating surrender monkeys etc I guarantee it.
&gt; whatever else can occur in politics you can absolutely rely on brits to get incredibly fucked off at the idea of the continentals interfering in our politics. Don't think it's just contientals - People were massively pissed off about Obama interfering in the EU refendum &amp; it backfired on Cameron having it look like America was telling us what to do
I was surprised by that reaction.The Leave campaign was saying that the US would react in a certain way to Brexit - and was then offended by Obama saying that the US wouldn't act like that.
Shared language, similar cultures, hundreds of years of history, two world wars... to the back of the queue with you. Thanks Obama.
None of that translates to money. Which is what trade is about.Expecting special diplomatic treatment because of a wooly sense of fraternity is bonkers, frankly.
It would generally be easier to agree a trade deal with a more like minded country. For example, a country with more state intervention and one with less would run in to more issues in their trade talks.
Yes, true.Fair point.
It's only hardliner noise if you believe her twist on it. If you read any other EU country's media, this is interpreted as a plea for May to please look at reality rather than keep repeating campaign slogans. No one wins in Brexit. The rest of the EU is not the enemy, but no one will allow you to be a free rider either once you've chosen to throw the whole project overboard.May is purposefully constructing an image of the rest of the EU ganging up or trying to bully her/the UK. That's her message to the British media and public and her pitch to get votes/get backing. But no one in any other EU country sees it that way. The biggest irony of it all is that she insists on having all negotiations in secret while "intransparent Brussels" would like it all public straight away (and eg the EU27 negotiating mandate is public). She wants to control the message and twist anything as she sees will be most popular, rather than talk straight.
It is galvanising both sides, driving the wedge in deeper. Ultimately  it will strengthen her mandate, unfortunately it will leave a lot of people on the other side feeling even more angry.
Could we fucking not
the only positive out of this is that it will get the EU to think twice about leaking stuff again. theresa may set this up and just played the EU like a fiddle to get even more votes.
&gt; theresa may set this up and just played the EU like a fiddle to get even more votes.Set what up? Do you seriously think she acted thick for a dinner meeting because she knew it would get leaked, go on to not deny the leak, use it to make the EU look bad domestically and win points out of fighting back?Some people watch too much House of Cards. What seems more likely, Theresa May the pre-cog or Theresa May the intensely secretive populist that doesn't like being challenged publicly?
I think the EU might just double down, any hint of a lie and they'll drop more info.
escalation is always possible. ultimately downing street has the tape.
The only positive out of this is for the Tories.
After listening to Yanis Varoufaki on R5, I think she may be right.
&gt; Yanis VaroufakiIt's worth pointing out he believes this will ultimately not end well for the UK.
Well of course, he's a remainer. Actually quite an interesting man. He's quite Euroskeptic, but his solution isn't to leave, but to stay and fix.
[deleted]
Have you seen [V for Varoufakis?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Afl9WFGJE0M)
While I might disagree with his approach, as too optimistic. He's someone I can admire and respect. Which is a really nice feeling to have.
[Related Yanis video speaking on the issue.](https://youtu.be/N3zjLfSlaPg)
Yeah. So just to remind people, this dinner was May's idea not the EU's.She decided it was a good idea to do some EU politics ahead of the snap election. At the same time she said she couldn't agree to a budget because of the election.She knew or could have known leaks would come out - people have been pointing this out for over a year. And nothing in the leaks has been denied, so what has been the damage, other than to have made things more transparent than they were.Nothing but contempt for regular voters, she has.
I mean, I don't really agree with that but why the Yoda impression at the end?
Maybe it be a West Country thing.
I believe Juncker self invited himself.
This is getting out of hand. How can either side possibly negotiate in good faith with this kind of tit-for-tat going on. I can't help but think she already knows she'll never get a trade deal that'll satisfy the Eurosceptics and she knows Hard Brexit will be an economic nightmare so she's cranking up the adversarial rhetoric so she can blame it all on the Evil Empire and their punitive attitude when the economy inevitably tanks.And the majority of Britian is delighted with how this is all going.
May doesn't want to negotiate with one of the sides (Junker and the EU commission).  She wants to negotiate directly with the European state leaders.
&gt; She wants to negotiate directly with the European state leaders.If that's the case she doesn't understand how the EU works.
Well she is supposed to represent the country.
The EU is not a "country". We voted for our europarliment, she should speak with them. that's what the EU is trying to do.I don't want my president to talk with her. Why should he?
I meant she represents the country in that the majority of don't understand how the EU works either.
1) Trigger Article 50 knowing you're nowhere near prepared2) Put it out there that you'll walk away from a bad deal, letting the two year period run off without anything meaningful set out3) Present the EU as the enemy, present the EU as unworkable, as not working in good faith - as subversive and as no friend4) Walk away from the negotiations with the excuse that the EU wrecked the entire thing as a punishment for leavingWell! That's a lot easier than having two years of negotiations in which you'd be out-gunned and will never get the deal your backbenchers will be happy with. One minute she thought it sounded nothing like what happened and empty Brussels gossip, and the next it's a direct attack by the EU.
May's ratings are going to go through the roof.
Tories going back to 50%?
[removed]
&gt;I wouldn't be surprised if she leaked that story to the German press now.Surely not? I mean, I want it to be true because I love the idea that our PM could be this Machiavellian, but... the Conservatives, or any party for that matter, surely cannot be this cunning?
Tories and the english aristos in general are astounding at playing divide and conquer. Remember - while europe lost their noble houses by and large ours are still here. They are ruthless and adaptable and not to be underestimated.
Exactly, they are far from stupid. Any organisation who can convince millions of people to consistently vote against their interests deserves a certain perverse admiration.
I remember once I was playing against my father. I started off strong with a Danish opening, and eventually I'd read several moves ahead and thought I'd anticipated his use of a Sicilian Defence. "Checkmate in three moves!" I thought. When it came to his turn, he just said "Snap!" and won the game.When you're playing games, no matter how cunning you think your own tactics are, it's incredibly important to ensure you and your opponent are playing the same game.
1. Conservatives get a boost2. Merkel and co. confront Juncker and start pointing fingers over sabotage and the European Commissions actions.edited: EU commission
The first will probably happen. Can't see the second one so much. They need to maintain a united front, it's not going to collapse after two weeks.
&gt; Merkel and co. confront Juncker and start pointing fingers over sabotage and the European Commissions actions.Why do you think that'd happen?
Brexit delusion.
I'm not sure what they'd have sabotaged, can you clarify?
She had to punch back but boy that was much stronger language than expected.
I can't believe it. The UK votes to leave the union and demands that we leave with no divorce cost or legal obligations (movement of people) expected of member states, and at the same time asks for a fantastic trade deal because Brexit is likely to effect our economy severely, and they are scared of the result.THEN when the EU voices some dissent because of this, the state that voted to leave accuses them of trying to meddle with their election in an obvious attempt to score some points in the election. An election in which said government refuses to tackle any domestic policy debates and insists on keeping the narrative about Europe. It's pure genius. If she can play the EUs negotiating team like she plays our electorate we are going to have such a great deal!I'm a proud Englishman - but if I was in Europe I would think we are absolutely wankers.
&gt; I'm a proud Englishman - but if I was in Europe I would think we are absolutely wankers.  I'm pretty sure the continent has always thought we were total wankers.
We were a bit suspicious, but you guys made it fairly easy now.
&gt;I'm pretty sure the continent has always thought we were total wankers.The UK has had plenty of allies in the EU, the issue has always been that rather than form any meaningful clique, the UK has always had one foot out and major commitment issues.If the UK had fully committed to being a 'full' member of the EU it would have had tremendous say, been a setter of agenda, etc etc. It's a catch-22 for a country to make it so clear how non-committal it is and then complain it doesn't have the sway of the states totally committed to the EU.A lot of countries would have preferred British leadership to German, for a number of pretty obvious reasons.
Why doesn't she just call Juncker a peado and be done with it?
Don't give her any ideas, he might end up with a knighthood.^^^^also ^^^^it's ^^^^paedo
This reads to me as 'we were utterly incompetent during negotiation and the press reported it boohoo'
Strange interpretation given the negotiations haven't started
Negotiations should have started as soon as we triggered article 50. Every back and forth between the UK and the EU now is part of the negotiations. You think the EU are going to ignore the bullshit May said during the actual formal negotiations. The UK government acting as an antagonising entity behind the scenes is going to be a factor when it comes to discussing what the EU is prepared to give us.Anyone who thinks that just because it didn't explicitly happen around a negotiating table it doesn't become a factor in negotiations has literally never been involved in any form of negotiation....If you're an entrepreneur looking to get an investment from Peter Jones, and you make a very public YouTube video calling him a cunt, you could deliver the best pitch in the world on dragon's den, he's not going to invest in you.
&gt; and the press reported it boohoo'So you can say whoever reported it to the press, supposedly Juncker's chief of staff was trying to influence the election by releasing information which was private during the "negotiation".
I'm going to say this a lot I'm sorry. This is not a game of poker. There is nothing magical or exciting about this. Both sides in this negotiation are extremely close going in. Both sides have the worlds best negotiator. Which will not be anyone you're electing now. It won't be Junker even. It will be teams of hundreds of people. It's out come will be decided by one thing. The sum total of the UK's advantage and disadvantaged Vs. The sum  total of the EUs advantages and disadvantages. These are not unknown quantities, by either party. All of this is pantomime.
May doesn't care about brexit all she cares about is using it politically. Same with everything to do with running the country, the Tories don't care about doing it right they just care about winning elections. Why should she or her millionaire buddies care? They won't suffer if things go wrong.
I bet half of England falls for this pish and thinks Theresa May's being like Thatcher or some shite. In reality she's talking bollocks and playing you lot for fools.
I think you'd be pretty blind to argue against her on this. We have a party arguing to overturn the result based on "misinformed voters." The EU can just create made up numbers to "inform" them into making the "right" decisions.
A fucking tiny party. This is a good move from may but lets not pretend its true. She is trying to link the EU to corbyn and  it will work because the media bends over backwards for her.
&gt; I think you'd be pretty blind to argue against her on thisI think you'd have to be pretty dumb to fall for TM's trick; attacking a flimsy straw man.All the EU reps have been doing is counteract the delusional fantasies of the Brexiteers, and point out the facts - that this is bound to be a difficult, contentious negotiation.The brexiteers (and, to a large extent, HMG) seem to be treating the upcoming challenge as no more onerous than cancelling a subscription to Amazon Prime.But this is the most complex, most momentous set of negotiations for the UK since Yalta. May seems to be intent on stomping *in* in a huff. Childish and ineffective.
Brilliant. The very fact that you think the numbers are made up reinforces the Lib Dem assertion that the voters were misinformed.
Fair play Theresa, the is strong rhetoric.Leaking the dinner to the press was a hostile move, as if this ever inflating figure we're going to have to pay.I don't think it's particularly outlandish to suggest EU politicians are doing some meddling.
She's sounding more and more like some banana republic dictator every day.
How long before protocol dictates we call her dear leader
Fuck off. This is what happens when you call an election **in the middle of negotiations**.
The slow realisation that hard Brexit is the only thing that works for both sides is finally settling in
For who?  Theresa May has never suggested that we aren't going to have a hard brexit.
She's dilly dallied enough to suggest that hard wasn't what she was going for when it's quite clear that they both have to cut off the nose to spite your face. Hard Brexit - bad news for Britain but they stuck it to those EU bureaucrats (particularly Germany), didn't pay any bills, have full control blah blahBad news for EU too but the damage it'll do Britain in the short run at least gives them enough to say, look even the so called great economy in Britain can't cope with leaving, the rest of you better know your place
The Tories have ruled out anything but a Hard Brexit since the day after the vote when they took Single Market membership off the table.
~~That's just kicked in a whole load of fences that are going to need mending by somebody...~~~~It's going to make soft Brexit that much harder, even with a big majority.~~This move totally stinks. It is basically playing for short term political gains at the expense of the long term national interest. She is playing the British public like a fiddle and you are all lapping it up like boss-eyed, slavering dogs. Fuck you all.
Claiming that the EU is trying to prevent her from building a "fairer society" considering the Tories own policies... What an utter joke.
So probably the most important trade deal in the history of the UK, and the pm decides to slander the other party without  providing proof?
This isn't just inadequate. She's now herself actively sabotaging the chances of a deal, the precise thing she accused opponents of.Appalling. It's hard Brexit WTO style. 😂 Britain what have you done?
The balls on this woman
Yuge balls! The biggest!
We have the best ladyballs dont we folks?
It's a lucky PM that gets to reenact their Churchill fantasy.
Everyday the news is worse. This woman's as charismatic as a rotting eel and about as capable, and yet she's still set to increase her majority, pretty much no matter what happens between now and June, because of the automatic and frankly thoughtless aversion people have to Corbyn and the left. It's always rubbed me up the wrong way, the double standards by which people judge the left versus the right in this country. In reality, Corbyn's no further left than Wilson. The left failed once in the 70s, and nobody liked the last Labour governments (even though judging Labour under Corbyn by Blair and Brown's actions (especially considering Corbyn wants Blair done for war crimes which is probably why Blair is railing against him so hard) is a lot like judging Margaret Thatcher's Conservatives by the actions of Anthony Eden), so the left is anathema for all eternity, even though, right now, it's policies are exactly what we need, Brexit or no Brexit. Because if we're honest, a Conservative Brexit means Britain becomes no more than a tax haven. God, if we were as diligent in keeping score of the right's failings as the left's, we might not have been in such a god-awful position in the first place.If Theresa May is still in Number 10 in July, with any luck I'll be watching the fallout of Brexit from the other side of the Channel after I graduate. Am I a blinkered, sore loser ideologue? Maybe. I have a vision of how I want the country to be, just like everyone else, and every day any hope of seeing it realised grows dimmer. Which is obviously kind of demoralising. I feel increasingly alienated in this new, little Britain, where all of the ugliest aspects of conservatism are celebrated, it runs contrary to my core principles. This isn't the Britain I grew up in, and I want nothing to do with it.But it's not just about what I believe. I know the hammer stroke of Brexit will fall hardest in my area, the North East have always been the ones to pay for everyone else's cynical rejection of the left. Already, the Conservatives are cutting funding to areas they don't control to plug up funding shortfalls in their own constituencies. It's an ominous sign of what the North can expect when Brexit is a done deal and the real hardship begins.
It took Thatcher three full terms to go this nuts. That was quick.
Great speech.The Conservatives are going to absolutely smash it come the GE.
The conservatives could literally go around setting fire to children and they'd still win.
So you're saying I don't have to stop doing that then?
&gt; smash it Yep. An unholy mess, impossible to fix.
What are they going to do? Write "Vote Lib Dem" on every bit of Brie and Bratwurst we import?And why is it when we refuse to grant EU citizens any rights we're "keeping our options on the table", while everything the EU does is "being unfair".
&gt; And why is it when we refuse to grant EU citizens any rights we're "keeping our options on the table", while everything the EU does is "being unfair".I see you've had your head buried in the sand.May repeatedly made efforts last year to settle the issue of UK/EU citizens in the EU and the UK, wanting to get it out of the way by pretty much guaranteeing the current status for all of them, whether in the UK or the EU. The EU said NO. No discussions before Article 50 has been invoked.So we're not refusing the grant the EU citizens any right because we're mean and nasty, it's because so far the EU won't grant any rights to UK citizens living in the EU. May's stance is that it has to be agreed for both sets of citizens at the same time. Hard to argue against this.As it is, if you were paying attention to the minutiae of recent EU demands it includes wanting to keep EU citizens in the UK under EU sovereignty, so despite living in the UK they'd be subject to EU courts and policies. The implication of this is, for example, that EU citizens could bring EU or non EU spouses to the UK under different laws than UK citizens wanting to bring in spouses from overseas. As you can see, this poses problems.
&gt; Hard to argue against thisIt's quite easy to argue against it. There is no "both sets of citizens", there are 28 sets of citizens. It's that fundamental misunderstanding that's at the root of a lot of bullshit here.
Exactly. The EU currently has no say in whether we let in citizens from outside the EEA. Why would we think they have any say in whether British pensioners can stay in France after Brexit. At that point they'll have no more rights than non-UK citizens living here.At there end of the day, only one country decides whether Europeans can continue living here and that is us. This is likely going to need rattling out with every country in the EEA, not just the EU. How anyone can see our government as the good guys here is beyond me.
Surely it was the Russians.
Lol @ anyone thinking this is a good thing.The other countries won't be fond of such accusations and that just makes trade deals harder.Great work, you infantile europhobes.
She's insane.
It’s ludicrous to suggest this is a deliberate undermining of the general election. What doesn’t make sense are Junker’s supposed leaks badmouthing the UK’s handling of Brexit; what advantage does that give to EU negotiators? In fact it makes the EU seem as petty as the UK’s negotiations so far - they lose the moral high round. It’s far more likely that these are simply the drunken ramblings of an alcoholic, and should be taken as such. If both sides were simply realistic about negotiations, willing to make compromises, not only would this process speed up but citizens both sides of the channel would benefit. This pettiness (from both sides) is doing no one any favours.
So the EU are making statements that will affect the election? Maybe you shouldn't have called an election, ya blethering muppet!
[deleted]
She was fine with having the nice photo op and influencing the election her way, though.
Sad!
Bad!
Top reply on twitter:&gt;I urge anyone with a brain not to believe a single word this vile woman offers the nation &amp; feel sorry for the Queen having to meet with her
Various newspaper reports suggest the Queen supports Brexit.
"Gove told The Sun" is hardly a reliable chain of sources.
Twitter replies make me facepalm on many occasions
Good. Absolutely right.
She's playing voters like you for political gain, she doesn't care about the country or anyone's future so long as she and/or the Tories retain power
Straight out of the Trump playbook. Fucking hell
"You look like a bird!"
TM's been on the fight milk.
[On the Special Brew.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C-4il_IXoAAyt7p.jpg)
This is exactly the kind of devils-bargain euroskepticism that got you all into this brexit mess in the first place
Sorry what?  She calls a snap election claiming she needs more power for EU negotiations, and then complains when the EU talk about it?  Idiot.
Honestly, it worries me that Theresa May is the only one that seems to be stating the obvious.It's also worrying that the conservatives seem to be the only ones who have a strong stance against paying any fee the EU wants us to fork out. I believe we should pay some of it, but £60-100bn? That's a tough one to just roll over for. The other parties should be fighting tooth and nail for what they believe is reasonable.
I can't help but laugh at her complaining about the EU interfering with the GE, when the labour party has had to deal with murdoch interfering for how long now...?
[deleted]
&gt;mummyyou are so so strange.
Maternal one nation conservatism makes me wet.
She does not give a shit and it is beautiful....paint it blue baby.
you all need Jesus
Jesus wishes he got the polling numbers we're gonna see over the next week.
Why do you all think this will improve the polling for the Tories?
Pulling together in the face of a common enemy etc.It is human nature isn't it?
In theory yes, but most remainers I know are openly rooting for the EU in these negotiations and barely hide the fact that they want them to go as badly as possible for the Britain, unfazed by my retort that this would directly impact their lives in a negative way.  I can't see them changing their minds after the speech, and most leavers are already voting Tory.
'Most remainers I know' is not exactly a representative sample.
While the response of the EU may influence the election, you can't expect them just to present themselves as a punching bag until after the election. If May, Corbyn or anyone else says something while campaigning which directly relates to the EU, I'd say it's fair for them to respond, otherwise anyone can say anything about the negotiations just to win some votes. The French could just as easily turn around and say May tried/is trying to influence the French election by meeting Macron but not Le Pen..
[deleted]
&gt; I wasn't going to vote for her, but it looks like the EU has decided on war over peace.And this shows how easy it is to make people fall for spin and propaganda...If anyone started 'war' it has to be us and the PM.
10AM No Megaphone democracy3:30 EU attacking us, rarr, man the beaches of dover
Let me guess, we dared to vote to leave. Therefore we should bend over and take what's coming to us, and accept our souls will be punished for eternity. Did you work for Stronger In? Open Britain maybe?
Yeah that's actually how reality works. You do something and accept the consequences.
Accepting the consequences implies that this is inevitable. Juncker and Co are choosing to go about it this way.
Exactly. Reading some of the responses on this sub you'd think the EU dropping a bomb on us constituted an acceptable consequence!
I really see that they have no choice given what May has proposed. If she had entered negotiations aiming at a soft brexit and continuing good relations with the EU none of this would be happening.My only hope is that she only called the election in order to lose on purpose because she cant face the consequences of carrying on with this mad plan.
Please provide any kind of binding document that compels a monetary settlement from the UK.
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/remaining-27-eu-countries-agree-brexit-guidelines-as-hollande-says-uk-must-pay-price-a7709016.htmlI'm standing by for you to move the goalposts though.
I'm not the guy you responded to, but that's not in any way a 'binding document ' which he asked for.That's an 'acknowledgement that it's an issue', it's  something to discuss on the list of things to discuss. Dismissing the article you linked is not moving any goal posts at all.
&gt;guidelines for the bloc's negotiations with the UK have been unanimously ratified
Not by the UK.
Binding document, not online rag.
As I said in another response I think you're misunderstanding what article 50 is.The closest you'll get to what you're thinking about is what I posted - which is not the actual document since that is not for public viewing AFAIK.https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/228848/7310.pdf#page=40
&gt;Let me guess, we dared to vote to leave. Therefore we should bend over and take what's coming to us, and accept our souls will be punished for eternity. ...or maybe the way to get the best deal in the negotiations is to not actively try and piss off the other side?
&gt; we dared to vote to leave. Therefore we should bend over and take what's coming to usDo you want to frame your statement with some more bias, it's a little too impartial as it stands for me.
&gt; If anyone started 'war' it has to be us and the PM.Lol, they've been briefing against her for days. (people like you were screeching about how "awful" the intentionally leaked details of the other day's meeting made her look, so don't say they weren't)Have you ever taken your own country's side in anything? Or are we always the bad guys in your world?
Being Conservative is not being patriotic. In fact I'd argue it's often quite the opposite.
It seems that the Conservatives have totally ignored the possibility of the failure of the Union and causing the division of the country.
Taking your own country's side isn't the same thing as being gullible.
Woah there - Mrs May is not the UK. It's not inherently unpatriotic to criticise your PM,even if someone from outside the UK also criticises her for the same thing.Disagreeing with the PM does not make you an enemy of the people, partly because disagreement and being an enemy are very, very different things, and partly because there are more people in the UK than just the PM! It is valid and not unpatriotic to be concerned for the general population rather than the PM herself certainly in the case that you believe that what the PM is doing is harmful to the people of the UK.
It's Trump-esque levels of bullshit ffs. They were trying to interfere? To what, *help her* win a stonking great majority? That was the only impact their move could have had on the election and she knows it.This is the sort of shit that starts businesses that rely on EU trade putting their contingency plans in action rather than waiting to see.
Large financial institutions are already putting their contingency plans into action. The point of 'wait and see' vanished when we/they tried asking the government how it was going to handle things, and got a bunch of dumbfounded, idiotic responses that showed they (ministers) didn't have a clue.
"You'll be STRONG AND STABLE if you stay in the UK."
Ohh if only it was a joke...
&gt;That was the only impact their move could have had on the election and she knows it.Nah they probably expected it to supply Remainers/soft Brexiteers with ammunition and undermine May in the process. Which it did... for a short while.
She knows it. They didn't.
Yep, and this reaction is already being echoed. Anecdotal but my family (the other 3 whom voted remain and are previous Labour voters) are going to vote for the Conservatives now. If it is war we may as well go with the "Strong &amp; Stable" option heh.
Oh yeah - they desperately wanted to interfere on the side of the hardcore anti-EU Jeremy Corbyn. And clearly saw the 20% poll difference could easily be eroded, and British opinion molded, by slipping a few juicy details to a German newspaper, for an article written exclusively in German. T'chow, eh? The lengths these EU snakeycrats will go to...
What's your point supposed to be?The EU transparently attempted to influence the UK election and it backfired.Much like when Obama did the same thing.
&gt; The EU transparently attempted to influence the UK election and it backfired.Can you point out to me what their plan here was exactly? I'm still not quite getting it
Um ... it might just be that they were speaking to a *domestic* audience - the whole German-newspaper-not-in-English-thing. Perhaps they want to demonstrate how the EU is on top of this thing, and hiw the UK doesn't have a clue? To appear to be in the driving deat for their constituents?Things is, from an EU perspective, the election is an irrelevance. May is an irrelevance. Corbyn doubly so. A Tory majority, a coalition, or a brexiteer-dominated cabinet makes no difference to their position as none of those things can influence negotiations in any shape or form.
[deleted]
Don't think I did say that ... merely that it was intended for a domestic audience. IE the main consideration is the reading German/EU public and informing them of what a basket case the UK is now Brexit's on the way.Of course, there's also the secondary consideration that it's reinforcing the message to Westminster that they are on the wrong tack and need to change direction. All reasonable interpretations. Neither of which could be considered "interfering in the UK election", which appears to be a paranoid fantasy design to bolster the Europhobe vote. To my mind, at least.
The EU was outplayed. So what?
I'll be sure to save this comment for when our strong and stable leader leads us right off a fucking cliff.
None of his comments are worth saving.
MADMAXBREXITREEEEEEEE
Who am I kidding, when May does everything you want her to do and things drastically deteriorate you melts aren't going to take any responsibility. This country's euroskeptic wing is a perfect embodiment of political narcissism.
MAXIMUM SALT
You're a genuine fascist, if you're happy with the state of affairs everyone else should be terrified.
What cliff? You do realise that for the vast majority of time we have not been a member of the EU? We are simply reverting to not being in the EU.
The world has changed and a country can't thrive on nostalgia.
And the evidence for this is...?A country can certainly reject globalism, which we have, and so has the US. Others will follow.
Nationalism has an inescapable bloody conclusion which resulted in two horrendous world wars and the deaths of millions last century. The fate of all modern states are naturally entwined and putting them on collision course is a surefire way to end this period of peace we've spent our lives in.
Did you save your comment predicting immediate recession as well?How about your one where you predicted the 2015 Labour landslide?Well Nostradamus?
&gt;Did you save your comment predicting immediate recession as well?&gt;How about your one where you predicted the 2015 Labour landslide?I don't recall thinking either of those were going to happen. For one recession requires at least 2 quarters of negative growth and secondly I predicted hung parliament in 2015 and was out by less than 15 seats.
Tell your family they shouldn't be played so easily by the spin on either side
&gt; Anecdotal but my family (the other 3 whom voted remain and are previous Labour voters) are going to vote for the Conservatives now.What was Churchill's quote about democracy again?
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter? It hardly matters though in this case, we live in a Labour fortress.
You are pretty easy to manipulate, then. When she will fold against the EU, she will need the biggest possible majority. This is what it is about.It is not 'I will be stronger with a big majority', by 'A big majority will allow me to keep my place whatever happen'
&gt; I wasn't going to vote for her, but it looks like the EU has decided on war over peace.I'm genuinely interested in your voting intentions here. Who were you going to vote for beforehand? Have the EU's actions made you more hardline, or is it that May's actions have convinced you she is the best one to handle it?
No, it hasn't. May has.
You're thinking of the SNP version. May was fairly Sir Humphrey here.
Only Russia is allowed to influence our elections
The orange lady
The rest.Let's be honest here it started out that may
If we are going to do the full Trump, we would need to to build a wall between us and the rest of Europe, which they would pay for.
I love the coal miners, we are going to reopen the mines
The earth that is scorching is your country.
Well, what do you expect? The UK should submit to Eu threats, influence and stupid demands?
Can you please give me a couple of examples of stupid demands made? Or even real threats for that matter.
Of course he can't. Don't bring reality to r/ukpolitics!
€100bn is a conveniently round number.
Comes from FT estimate in their article, not the EU.
Is that the one where they say "up to"?
&gt; The EU has raised its opening demand for Britain’s Brexit bill to an upfront gross payment of up to €100bn, according to Financial Times analysis of new stricter demands driven by France and Germany.https://www.ft.com/content/cc7eed42-2f49-11e7-9555-23ef563ecf9a
Up to.  So, potentially €30bn.
So yeah kinda like broadband then. The EU say they want up to 100bin actual fact they get like 2.
I heard it could even be as high as 'up to' €1000bn.
Did the FT ask [this guy](https://img.memesuper.com/1011d3714dbc6e4ab81602f6a1dd46b8_dr-evil-100-billion-dollars-dr-evil-100-billion-dollars-meme_575-298.jpeg)
Exactly what I thought of when I heard the number. "One hundred... ... billion... euros". Or maybe they just shook Diane Abbot until she came up with some random numbers.
Based on EU figures. Calculated the same way they got the €60bn but updated with new data and recent EU statements on what they think should/shouldn't be included.
&gt; Can you please give me a couple of examples of stupid demands made? A ~~FIFTY~~ HUNDRED BILLION ~~dollars~~ EUROS!On top of "we're not negotiating trade, until other issues are sorted out", what, this supposed amazing supranational state can't handle two things at once. Oh and demanding the UK and Ireland sort out their border before anything is negotiated, which is a fucking dangerous thing to be demanding and should be entirely left to the Irish and UK to sort out. It's not the place for the EU to meddle with such a delicate situation.
The "other issues" are sorting out the rights of people, EU nationals living in the UK and vice versa rather than using them as bargaining chips in the trade negotiations as May wants to do.Ireland is an EU country subject to Freedom of Movement, how do we solve the border controls between Ireland and UK without considering that?
And as Merkel wanted to as well. We offered a unitary declaration, they refused.
What exactly was on offer rather than sound bites pray tell?
That number comes from an independent think-tank, the EU haven't said anything on the number. They need to sort out how we are leaving and what we're leaving before a trade deal can be worked out based on what our situation will be.
"independent think tank"
Being the Financial Times
"experts"
Except of course that the peace treaty in Ireland incorporated the European Convention of Human Rights into the law of Northern Ireland, and to the establishment of a Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission. Why should they get involved!?
He said stupid. Those are very reasonable.
The UK has to pay to move all EU institutions out of the UK, while simultaneously we get zero share of any of the institutions we have paid into creating?
That is what was voted for! So: Yes.
hmmmm, maybe asking for 100 billion Euro's and refusing to guarantee UK citizens rights on the continent - then blaming the UK govt. (while quietly shooting down the UK govts' offer to do the same)
The EU is much less dangerous to the UK than the Conservatives lately. This does not make either of them ok.
Don't like the conservatives? Don't vote for them.Don't like Junker? Don't... oh wait...
Ratified by EUparl.
Or the leaders of any other UK political party eh?
I give this about as much credibility as the 'Russian hacking' claims we see tossed about so casually by the more rabid anti-Trumpers.
So about 95% +- 5% then.
Would 100 billion examples be enough? As for threats made, they constantly keep threatening to put in place trade barriers against our exports to the EU, to not guarantee UK nationals living in the EU the right to remain there, to add sovereignty disputes in to the negotiations (Gibraltar), to move the Calais border to Dover.
The EEC was established to *remove* barriers to trade. Not generate them. That's why the UK joined in the first place. By leaving the EU we're going to have to negotiate trade with them just like we would with any other state. We wanted the freedom to be able to do that and now we're bitching that we have to do it with the state we've just left.Boris said he was pro cake and pro eating it too. That was a total fantasy that people swallowed without actually considering what he was trying to suggest. That we could leave the club but keep all of the benefits.
Do the Europeans believe that free trade is beneficial? If not, why did they remove trade barriers between themselves? If they do, why do they want to reintroduce protectionism against the UK? The whole you can't leave a club and keep the benefits argument is guff. There is no other trading bloc of any kind that requires members to pay in to it. The European Union could be a single market with a tiny budget for administration if it wanted to be. Why does it have to attach other conditions that its members don't want. I've heard them say 'freedom of trade and freedom of movement are indivisible' a million times, I haven't ever heard a reason why. No other trade bloc does this. I would genuinely be interested in why it has to be that way. If any one can lay out the economic argument for it, please do. I believe they do it not for economic reasons but for their own ultimately federalist agenda, same as the Euro currency. Our biggest problem in the upcoming negotiations is not that we are dealing with a group of people who are only looking after their own self interest, it's that we are dealing with a group of people who are not looking after their own self interest. They are willing to harm their economies for ideological reasons. However the negotiation goes, we're better off out that mess.
&gt; There is no other trading bloc of any kind that requires members to pay in to it. Customs payments?&gt;The European Union could be a single market with a tiny budget for administration if it wanted to be. Why does it have to attach other conditions that its members don't want.It's not just about tariff free trade. It's about consumer rights across the whole eurozone. People complain about the cabbage regulations but those regulations are there so if you order a bunch of class A cabbages from Greece you actually have legitimate recourse to refuse to pay for them because they don't meet a set of standards that you both follow. Without those set boundaries the buyer and seller both have equal chance of being screwed over. The regulations build consumer confidence. One of the things that the UK should really try to do is to keep in step with EU product regulations to make trading with them easier regardless of any tariff agreements. Imagine how annoyed the farmers are going be to have to deal with two different sets of carrot regulations?&gt;I would genuinely be interested in why it has to be that way. If any one can lay out the economic argument for it, please do.The massive economic cost of processing the movement of citizens from one country to another? Also for the continental countries there's the cost of border controls too.&gt;Our biggest problem in the upcoming negotiations is not that we are dealing with a group of people who are only looking after their own self interest, it's that we are dealing with a group of people who are not looking after their own self interest. I think part of the problem is that people in this country seemed to think they were bluffing when they were saying that. I never heard *any* EU leader suggesting there could be flexibility on that issue. So to see the Daily Mail trying to turn the EU negotiators into bully figures for sticking to a position that they had made perfectly clear before the referendum is pretty bad. Not as bad as printing pictures of those judges and labelling them traitors bad but still pretty bad. But I think really that the EU leaders need to listen to Farrage and Macron about looking at serious reforms if they want the union to survive.
It's countries outside a trade bloc that pay customs payments, not countries inside the trade bloc. The US, Mexico and Canada don't make any significant contributions to NAFTA. Countries outside NAFTA pay Customs Payments.There is a benefit to standardised regulations but that is what I mean by administration. Current administration is about 5% of EU spending, most of it goes on structural funds and CAP. Without all that extra spending admin costs would be even lower, it could be financed at a few percent of current costs if its only purpose was to regulate carrots.The cost of processing the movement of people from one country to another is only a cost if the people actually move. Without free movement intra-EU migration would be much lower. The UK has about as many migrants from outside the EU as inside the EU, the cost of processing their VISAs is not really that burdensome. It would also allow that migrants have skills which match the demands of labour market, such as Nurses, because the process is being regulated.They said the Single market and Freedom of movement are indivisible. I wasn't doubting them for a second when they said that, Vote Leave made it very clear that a vote for Brexit meant leaving the Single Market. But that is not the same thing as them doing a Free Trade Deal with us. They seem perfectly happy to do a Free Trade Deal with Canada, they wanted to do one with the US, but for some reason they are not that keen on doing one with the UK, even though we already meet all their regulations because we have already been in it. I'm also not saying I don't understand why they are doing it, I just don't think they have an economic justification for it. I think Boris Johnson's description of it as a 'punishment beating for trying to escape' is actually not too far from the mark. They want Brexit to fail, even if it harms themselves, because they don't want anyone else getting ideas. A fairly cynical agenda I think. Pragmatically we have to accept that this is going to make negotiations difficult, but its hardly an inspiring argument for giving up on the whole thing and staying in the EU.
[deleted]
And your response is just a pretentious insult
QED.
[removed]
And reported.
The truth is ugly
Just go away you awful human being.
Why?
Is it hardline noise? The EU have mainly reiterated the same grounds for negotiation that they've always held.
Someone said to me that Juncker was drinking quite heavily during the meal, not sure how true that is...if anyone could find a source...
If he's not an [alcoholic](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/09/14/jean-claude-juncker-denies-alcohol-problem-during-interview-in-w/) he does a very convincing impression of one. Since it was the EU side that leaked stuff from the private dinner however, his drinking is pure speculation. Unless Downing Street releases the tapes, I doubt we'll ever know; I can't see May attacking him for alcoholism.
For a really perverted value of 'works'.An obdurate Brexit would be catastrophic for both parties.
upvote for use of the word obdurate
I really don't see anything wrong with a preamble dinner as an idea. That's decent diplomacy.
Dinner idea is fine, but look at how this pairs up:1) Call a surprise snap election, knowing full well they are going to win2) Block progress on an unrelated EU budget decision stating that they can't tie the hands of a future government.3) Call a dinner to discuss Brexit, despite being in election mode. She's confident enough about the election to start some talks, but not confident enough to agree to a non-brexit related EU budget. Hmmm. 4) Accuse the EU of deliberately meddling in UK elections. Which is just bizarre whatever way you look at it. Big election win for May gives her room to operate with the EU - good for EU. And what opposition would they be pushing for, the greens, the libdems? They are polling at &lt;10%.5) May undermined her self by not having a command of matters in play. Leaks merely confirmed that.
She can't provide proof unless she publishes the transcripts from GCHQ of EU phone calls.
I disagreed with a lot of what Thatcher did but she was intelligent and knew how to lobby at the European level. Same for Blair. The problem is that May and Cameron were playing too much for a domestic audience.
What negotiation? They don't start until after the UK, FRA &amp; GER elections.
&gt;I can't help but think she already knows she'll never get a trade deal that'll satisfy the EuroscepticsIt's not the Eurosceptics that need to agree to this, it's Europe that she's making the deal with.You complain about "tit for tat", yet use it as an opportunity to blame your political opposition for the problems. Respectfully, get a grip.
I'm don't want to argue about it, I just want evidence. None wa presented.Given I'm still waiting on the "Trump is a russian spy" evidence, I don't think we'll ever get it either.
I don't think Nick Clegg has been anything but overt about how he's fighting on the EU's behalf, and any Remainer Lib Dem voter here claiming otherwise could open a Craft shop with all the yarn they're spinning.
Ms Sturgeon is saying much the same as you  (synch is a second or two out)  https://twitter.com/rosscolquhoun/status/859812716801921024
Amazing, isn't it? Succinct and cutting through the bullshit with strong words like "desperate".It seems like Sturgeon is the only competent top politician left in the UK.
It leaves the UK economy in ruins. That is a funny definition of 'working'.
&gt; Both sides have the worlds best negotiator. Which will not be anyone you're electing now. It won't be Junker even. It will be teams of hundreds of people. [...] All of this is pantomime....So was the stuff about how we have no where near enough experience trade negotiators and are struggling to attract new ones pantomime as well?
The truth of what we speculate over will be well known by both sides is what I'm saying.
Great post.
If I were the EU at this point, I'd can the negotiations entirely and call her bluff.  Take the hit on the Eurozone and watch Britain sink.  Deal with the next government which would follow after this one collapses.
I thought her 'bloody difficult woman' bit was her punch back. Very well played by May.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Km0dvqNcF2c&amp;t=213s
[deleted]
The EUROPES are cominggggg
Its basically before negotiations have started. Instead of the option of waiting and having one right at the end when its most important? Oh yeh that would be a great idea
She chose to enact article 50 and then call the election, thus wasting 2 months of the 2 year deadline.The smart move - at least in a beneficial to the country way - would have been to call the election first and then enact A50. The problem is that May would rather put her party before the greater good.
&gt;The problem is that May would rather put her party before the greater good.This is after she told Sturgeon how bad it would be for the country to have another vote. The same short-sightedness goes for Cameron.
&gt; I'm a proud Englishman - but if I was in Europe I would think we are absolutely wankers.You know, I'm not exactly holding out much hope for many points next Saturday in Europe's annual festival of camp the way things are going.
I'm sure she does, and now she's capitalising on it further.
&gt; to her advantagefor now
What I wonder is, do the EU know? Is this the EU trying to deliberately help May.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Afl9WFGJE0M
Yeah, by playing "the evil foreigner" card. Seriously, when you thought the bar couldn't get any lower.
There's not going to be a trade deal. The EU absolutely will not allow one to happen. The govermnent knows it's not going to happen.It should be painfully obvious to anyone following this stuff that we are going for WTO and the remaining time on the Article 50 clock is just being used to prepare for it.
Maybe she purposefully played dumb in the Juncker meeting knowing it would leak?
&gt;She knew or could have known leaks would come out - people have been pointing this out for over a year. Or maybe she leaked it... conspiracy time
EU all know this is may having a tantrum.
tbh, she has reasons to be afraid of. [Foreign powers have interfered with votes is this country.](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/apr/12/foreign-states-may-have-interfered-in-brexit-vote-report-says)
&gt; This is getting out of hand. How can either side possibly negotiate in good faith with this kind of tit-for-tat going on.No. The UK and the EU didn't have a good relationship prior to the Brexit vote. That wasn't going to change after.
&gt; The UK and the EU didn't have a good relationship prior to the Brexit vote. You and I remember this very differently.
They didn't apart from several years under Blair.
How fucking dense do you have to be to think this!? Couldn't have had anything to do with David Cameron isolating us for 7 years eh? Fuck nut.
&gt; Couldn't have had anything to do with David Cameron isolating us for 7 years eh? Fuck nut.Which is why I said the UK and the EU didn't have a good relationship prior to the vote.
Just like Sturgeon.
You want a return to pre-Thatcher 1970s Britain.
Yes.
Honestly? Yes, I do. For the last 40 years we've moved further and further right, and we show no signs of stopping. We must realise sooner or later the right doesn't have all the answers. When the left is marginalised, we all suffer. That's the unfortunate truth.
A mess of an economy, constant strikes, malaise.
Our economy will be a mess after Brexit anyway. And we never really feel the benefit when the Conservatives are in charge because wealth is siphoned upwards (and longitudinal studies are showing tax cuts for the rich don't help the economy) and they hamstring public services and investment. Well, I can't speak for the South of course, but we certainly don't see any benefit up here. As for strikes, they are an unfortunate side effect of a vital freedom. You won't maintain good working conditions for long without powerful unions, as my generation are learning to their detriment. Maybe you'll respond with some reference to the Winter of Discontent, but surely there is some middle ground between unions so powerful they can hold the whole country to ransom in a bitterly cold winter, and unions so impotent they're pretty much irrelevant outside the internal politics of the Labour Party? As evidenced by things like zero hours contracts, we do still need unions. And I don't see the right slackening restrictions on unions anytime soon.
Can Con+UKIP reach 60%?
I doubt it but even 50% is unprecedented.
I highly doubt that it will be that high, over 50% combined is possible though...
I've already seen that. That's old hat.
In the polls sure, but not at the GE you haven't!
Don't expect any anti Brexit die hards to change their mind. They're already sanitising the 100Bn bribe
It's not the anti Brexit die hards you have an issue with. Yanis is very much anti-Brexit. It's the Europhiles (A word I use to describe those irrationally in support of the EU, not using it as an insult).Most people can accept that the EU needs to be reformed and is far from perfect. It's the extremist ideologues that refuse any criticism and are just as bad as any die hard nationalist.
She seemed desperate. Hardly a good image for a PM to appear to be panicking.
She really didnt.
She said Europe is interfering in the election by discussing the terms of Brexit - maybe she shouldn't have called an election immediately after personally setting off Brexit discussions? But then obviously she had no choice what with her party's widespread electoral fraud.She's alienating Europe for the sake of cheap political points. She might say that the negotiations ahead are going to be tough - well she just made them a whole lot tougher. The woman is an absolute disaster, every bit as much as the likes of Davis and Johnson, and if people really think this shows her in a good light, rather than a desperate, nervous, deluded populist grasping at straws, then there really is no hope for intelligent discourse in this country.
It's embarrassing really. Whatever happened to being the bigger person and just moving on? It's childish.This election and now re-enforcing the *big bad EU* narrative. It tells me the Tories still don't have a fucking clue what they're doing, and they'll need at least a full term in government to try and fix the mess they are about to make. Hard Brexit is all they are capable of.But it'll be fine, because we voted for it and a finger to the EU is more important than those measly other issues like the NHS, the housing crisis, benefits and rapidly draining funding.
&gt;This election and now re-enforcing the *big bad EU* narrative.Surely the EU are doing that to themselves by leaking private interviews? Their only intention was to embarrass May and if it wasn't the EU doing this and say someone like Russia it would be a significantly bigger deal. EU seem oddly intent on punishing the UK for wanting out,  which is a dangerous example to set. Although time will tell if they continue these sorts of tactics.
No thats your point of view from my point of view and a lot of voters in the UK is its the EU alienating the UK. The EU act like cunts, no one cares, UK responds and heads fall off.
&gt;The EU act like cuntsWell then your point of view is completely deluded, because this hasn't happened, at all.They've said the UK will have to pay for its obligations, that was known all along. Details of a private meeting have been leaked - that's one individual, not 'the EU', and in any case the electorate have a right to know if May is as out of touch with reality as she appears to be from that meeting.Meanwhile, we've accused them of interfering in our election, completely fabricated a non-story about Gibraltar that doesn't exist outside of the editor of the Sun's fantasies, blamed the actions of private businesses discussing to relocate on the EU, accused them of interfering over the Irish border when they have a duty to protect the interests of Ireland as a member.The list goes on and on - petty politics from May and the British press, playing games with the UK economy, while the EU lays out its rules for negotiations that may be tough, but then that's going to happen if they want to protect the entire institution and just goes to show how comical the idea was when we voted to leave that one country could wield more power than a bloc of 27.
I love that you say it's not the whole of the EUs fault for one bad egg leaking the interview,  but then go on to blame the whole country for something The Suns editor did.
She just accused them of rigging our election, smells desperate to me.
Doesn't matter. This is what many Leave voters already believe about the meddling Brussels bureaucrats. They'll flock to her because she's standing up to them
She didn't in the slightest.
So, uh, negotiations are going well then?
sadly people fall for this jingoistic bullshit.pointing out reality and such is not bad, if that influences the election...thats because our PM has no plan, no clue and no ability to do a good job.
(Allegedly) have some Russians influence the vote in your favour and everything's fine, but the moment the EU step in and try to influence it against your favour, then suddenly it's wrongdoing?Typical.
Come on mate me and you both know the Russians didn't do shit to the referendum result. I voted for remain but let's stop trying to make out that it was some foreign entity responsible and not the will of the electorate
I said allegedly. It's not confirmed or denied but all I'm saying is she shouldn't start throwing a tantrum when she's now in the crosshairs
This seems to be a trend now. Things don't go your way? Blame outside interference or the Russians.
or traitors
We all knew Theresa May isn't a great orator but this is the first time this campaign that she's opened her mouth and damaged her cause.  Out of the 3 candidates for leader of the Tory party &amp; PM, she's the one most-hoped-for on the grounds of steadiness and the general unlikeliness of her suddenly going ultra-nationalist and totally fucking things up in the EU exit talks.  Her smartest move might have been simply to say 'many interested parties wish to sway the debate with news which may not prove to be entirely accurate, I intend to represent British interests as best I can' and left it at that.
Are you kidding? A bit of Euro bashing always goes down tremendously well with the general public, based in truth or not. This will do nothing but help TM grandly.
ffs
But the Tories planned the Brexit Referendum to influence #GE2015.
Go on lass. :)
Are we going to get into a trade war because of that stupid dinner leak? It's not their fault you're fucking incompetent, fucks sake.
How is it not their fault? [The leaker is alleged to be Juncker's chief of staff, Martin Selmayr](https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-05-02/eu-governments-unimpressed-with-unhelpful-brexit-dinner-leak) and has not been well recieved which is interesting as Juncker apparently spoke with Merkel directly aftwards so we have to assume she okayed this.
How does the EU revealing she's incompetent excuse her being incompetent?
Good Christ. I'm a bit drunk but something about the language here terrifies me.
Really backfired on the commission didnt it : )
Big style.
Did it? If they wanted justification for hardening their stance, it's been handed to them on a plate.
The amount of people falling for her rhetoric is astonishing.We do realise she's the one that called a snap election after triggering negotiations? What did she think would happen? She's made a complete pigs ear of it so far and now has to lash out to save face.If this is strong leadership Britains fucked.
Lol but watch it work. What the fuck is going on with the rise in nationalism in this country :/
Fantastic. She is playing a blinder.
May's going full Trump. Be claiming Juncker bugged number 10 next!
At this point i wish he did.
Next up Teresa May accuses EU for the hostile act of acting in unison.
The main mistake of British politicians and media is to think that the rest of Europe cares so much about them. Literally, no one (except Putin) would bother influencing the UK elections. This is of course a useful campaign message to rally the troops, but May is literally offending all her main allies and negotiating partners.The stupidity and self-centredness of today's British politics is hard to believe.Just for the sake of completeness - I'm not a big fan of juncker, but shortly after the referendum he said essentially "Please realise we're not the enemy. No one will win from Brexit." And then a while later "We're not angry, we'e just sad."That's how the rest of Europe still feels. No one gives enough of a f*** to want to influence British elections. We're sad that you want to leave a largely successful but complex effort for no actual reason.Actually, to be honest, right now we're not even looking - we've all been focused on France the last weeks, but British media and politicians are too self-obsessed to notice.
You should never go full Trump!
Glad that the UK are dissolving their ability to weald soft power throughout the world.
Looking for that old Falklands bounce?
It is sadly true.
The EU couldn't care less if May wins a 500 seat majority. Hence why this accusation from the PM that they are trying to sabotage her election campaign, *one that she called mere weeks after A50*, is beyond nonsense. (Though it will certainly play very well with Bluekippers).
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Strong stuff, I hope things settle down after the GE...
&gt;Mr Corbyn added: "By winding up the public confrontation with Brussels, the prime minister wants to wrap the Conservative party in the union jack and distract attention from her government's economic failure and rundown of our public services.As opposed to wrapping yourself in the Hammer and Sickle, Jeremy?
How is this 'breaking news' ?
EU politicians and officials accuse Theresa May of seeking to influence the result of the Brexit talks.
YES MAY!
YAAAAS
Bit early for this. She should have kept this card up her sleeve a little longer. She's given people valuable time to recover and regain their senses after reeling from the emotional shock of these revelations.
"Threats against Britain", does she know what she's saying? How the hell did that get through speech writers.
As an 80's child, I wish "spitting image" was still on our screens. They'd have a field day with this lot.
Well they are making it difficult. The EU said May can't be in the negotiations. If the leader of the country can't be present that undermines her.
Videos in this thread:[Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r690tbo?feature=playlist&amp;nline=1)VIDEO|COMMENT-|-[V for Varoufakis  NEO MAGAZIN ROYALE mit Jan Böhmermann - ZDFneo](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Afl9WFGJE0M)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/690tbo/_/dh36jdx?context=10#dh36jdx) - Have you seen V for Varoufakis?[Yanis Varoufakis on Brexit: 'How can these smart people be so deluded' - BBC Newsnight](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3zjLfSlaPg)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/690tbo/_/dh32njq?context=10#dh32njq) - Related Yanis video speaking on the issue.[Yanis Varoufakis, "EU, Toxic Leaks, Fake Annoyance, Shifting Goal-posts"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Km0dvqNcF2c&amp;t=213s)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/690tbo/_/dh33c9l?context=10#dh33c9l) - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Km0dvqNcF2c&amp;t=213s\[NSFW\] [Mass Effect 2 Launch Trailer](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjOEmHEd2XM)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/690tbo/_/dh2usvg?context=10#dh2usvg) - "We're at war. Nobody wants to admit it but the UK is under attack. One very specific woman might be all that stands between Britain and the greatest threat of our brief existence."  "The EU is still out there. If we lose May, Britain may well follow...[Malcolm Tucker's Last Words](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vu0wBZmpcxo)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/690tbo/_/dh2v1zx?context=10#dh2v1zx) - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vu0wBZmpcxoI'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch. I'll keep this updated as long as I can.***[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r690tbo?feature=playlist&amp;ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get me on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
[deleted]
"Corbyn releases chemical gas on British voters"Factual, but not honest.If only our press could aspire to even that low target.
"Why yes, now I've done it".
"strong and stable"
"The Cunt has spoken"
They will bend the knee or May will destroy them.
"Britains negotiating position has been misrepresented in the continental fake news"
What did the EU officials do?
They revealed reality. That reality being the UK does not have a pot to pish in regarding Brexit negotiations. It seems to have triggered a *strong* semi-psychotic episode within the allegedly *stable* Ms May.She'll be wearing tin-foil trousers next, :O
Just look in to what Yanis Varoufakis thinks of the EU and their games to know what the EU are really playing at.
Anti Brexit pro Corbyn?
She's probably correct, but it's a moot point. America, Russia and other interested actors will probably try to do the same.
.....  but ... but .... we are STRONG and Stable ! http://i.imgur.com/tNtyPwN.jpg
STRONG AND STABLE
Weak and Wobbly!
The Leader Ship is sinking! Panic!
NO. NO NO. It's only the russians that interfere in elections!!!
fuck off, when has there ever been an election anywhere that foreign governments didn't try to influence?
Prove it!
She's turned into a complete basketcase. Mental. God help us with Maidenhead's answer to Recep Erdogan in charge.
Strong &amp; Stable speech
Let the nukes fly TM!
Go on love, tell em to get back in the cave.
This thought crossed my mind yesterday. The EU would definitely prefer not to have the Conservatives in power if they're going to honour the result of the referendum. We should be sceptical of anything they say between now and the election.
I think this is Theresa May trying to be a populist, and failing miserably.
She's more than rattled.  Now moving into full on panic mode.I suspect their internal polling is telling them that Strong and Stable is a joke and now they're desperately trying to appeal to blood and soil nationalism.
Despite literally all the other polling showing double point lead.Can ya stop with the wonky propaganda. The fact it came down from 20 something to the high teens making her rattled.Prehaps it keeps coming down. Prehaps it gets to within 5 points. But there is no evidence of that happening. And hell ya tool. Did it cross you mind she might be the one using this to court the ukip vote.
Honestly mate some of the deluded people on here around election time.
I think you're being a bit generous there thinking it just happens at election times.
She's got them repeating "strong and stable" and "coalition of chaos" themselves.    And then saying it is not effective and not getting a message out.The whole country associates her with "strong and stable".  Even if it gets a bit tedious, it is massive success.
I think the reality of the situation lies somewhere in the middle no?Yes, it's a very small dip in the majority (that you have rightly highlighted as being blown out of proportion). But at the same time it's campaign season, and some people in the Tory camp with access to May's ear will be trying to address this (it's ultimately their jobs afterall). I wouldn't say "rattled" as OP did, but to assume Tories are doing *nothing* with this recent change landscape I don't believe to be accurate neither.
They should have a department of Strength and Stability after the election.  Theresa May could appoint herself leader of the SS.
*sigh*...*unzips pants*
&gt;"She's more than rattled"[Come on now.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e5/Opinion_polling_UK_2020_election_short_axis.png/850px-Opinion_polling_UK_2020_election_short_axis.png)If you take this impartially, it's hardly reflexive weakness, just good rhetoric from the Conservative Party.
lmao how is she rattled and in panic mode.
Can I borrow your glasses? I'd love to see how this can be twisted into a point of weakness.
Strong and Stable was tested over and over and over again by CCHQ and performed outstandingly. There's a reason May loves to use the phrase whenever she can and it's because everyone in the party knows it works.
[deleted]
Corbyn is utterly awful but she's burning the UK's economic future to get a huge majority and that might not happen.
In the full version of the speech she does drop another "strong and stable" in there, so I wouldn't be so sure. https://twitter.com/BBCPolitics/status/859781395975028736  roughly at 1:40
#1 rule of politics: If you want easy votes just resorted to blind nationalism. It is literally unmistakably successful because people love feeling proud with themselves. It's like the same way when a Man Utd supporters talks about them winning a game, they say 'Yeah we played really well' .....no, you didn't, you had no effect on the process, but it feels good to pretend that you have had some kind of victory to inflate your importance and self-worth. In other words: Make America Great Again.
'Internal polling' is, if anything, less credible than publicly released polling.
[removed]
Oh fuck off.
Based mummy.
Deliberately timed? So if they mention she's nuts, she runs away making paranoid claims.Fuck this. I'm not fussed about leaving the EU, it's a 4 decade project, but turning us into ranting nutcases is only doing even *more* long term damage to this country.
Glad she's on our side.
Not on mine.
Oh my god she is already making excuses!Agent May is playing a blinder
Come on Le Pen. She can kill this stone dead on Sunday.
I hope our European brothers and sisters crush the British economy. Finally some justice in the world. The British do not deserve what they have.
Get fucked.
Make me
Should have just left you to it in ww2.
&gt; Finally some justice in the world. The British do not deserve what they have.Because as we know nearly the entire country voted in favour of it...Oh wait, it was a 4% majority. So you're going to punish nearly half the country for the actions of the other, as well as that, punish the young who got screwed over by this decision by the old?Yeah, real 'justice' there. Justice protects the innocent.
Mummy, you've made me proud.
Your "mummy" thing is just a weak attempt to make May seem even half as competent as "Mutti" Merkel.Doesn't work, though.
[removed]
Please take that shit-tier meme back to /britpol/ and leave it there.
Teen gets bored, finds himself browsing 4chan. Finds /britpol/ and shitty mummy memes. Ruins threads. Many such cases! Sad!
Britpol's 8chan ain't it?
There's both 4chan and 8chan threads.
TIL.I'm not edgy enough for the chans :(
4chan isn't too bad in comparison with 8chan, although both are great if you have a dark sense of humour.
8chan is still a thing?
Home to /leftypol/ too.
Mummy is not a meme anymore, it has leaked into [reality](https://twitter.com/MrHarryCole/status/855363016367513602)
[removed]
🐸👶
Would've been nice if your education system was up to snuff to teach young boys and girls to use condoms.
