This is stupid late, but **Pushing Daisies**.  I really miss that show.
Fargo. Brilliant pilot!
Dead like me. I was so bummed when it got cancelled.
Black Mirror
The X Files !EDIT:  X Files GOLD!  Thank You Kind Stranger! :-)
Orphan BlackEdit:[Here's a video of the opening scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrOYfbdOEbUF)Looks like quite a few people discovered Orphan Black as a result of this comment. There's also an Orphan Black subreddit you can check out - /r/orphanblack.Be careful though, it contains a lot of spoilers. If you do want to access it, I recommend making a beeline straight to the sidebar, and locating the list of all the old episode discussions, so you can find out what other redditors were thinking at the same point in the series you are at.I wouldn't touch the main subreddit at all until you are completely caught up with the show.
Archer. Right away the dialogue drew me in.
Six Feet Under
The Sopranos.I never watched it, and am currently about to start the 4th season.  God, it's a good show.Edit: I meant to say that I never watched it before when it was on the air, and have been binge watching it from the pilot episode, and am now about to start season 4. Poor wording!
Better off Ted.Shame they cancelled it way to early
The Boondocks."Excuse me. Everyone, I have a brief announcement to make. Jesus was black, Ronald Reagan was the devil, and the government is lying about 9-11. Thank you for your time and good night."
House, M.D.
Deadwood. Cocksucker.
Silicon Valley, Mike Judge at his best.
Battlestar Galactica.Thr miniseries was in my opinion probably the best single piece of TV scifi ever made. It's following episodes in season one were damn near perfect.
True Detective
Peaky Blinders
Hannibal! I'm so excited to watch the new episode.
Twin peaks
Dexter
Heroes.
Futurama had an amazing introduction. Edit: Wow.
The Americans.  One of the more underrated TV series.EDIT: As pointed out by other redditors, probably more appropriate to say that it's under-watched rather than underrated.  Whatever it is, one of the best series on TV in recent years!
Fringe.
[deleted]
Brooklyn Nine-Nine
Chuck. I fell in love with all the characters instantly.
Breaking Bad had my attention in less than 5 minutes. Apparently Bryan Cranston had the same reaction when he read the script to the pilot for the first time.
The West Wing, The Newsroom
Prison Break
The Office. Loved their pilot
IT Crowd
Bob's Burgers. Bob helping Hugo out of the parking spot was just hilarious to me.
Cowboy Bebop. That first episode is still my favorite and really just sets the bar for the incredible animation and music to come. Edit: Thanks for the Gold good stranger!
The Wire. Excellent show.
SUITS. Pilot episode was great. This is a show for everyone.
Malcolm in the Middle
Daredevil
walking dead
The Shield.  Not to be confused with Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.  Great show, amazing 7 season run, and had me hooked since the first episode, especially the last few mins of the first one.
Flash Forward. Too bad the show only lasted one season...
Arrested Development.Easy.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia
Just watched the pilot for Mr. Robot on youtube, definitely hooked. Updated with links, didn't think it would get this much attention.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JpxvvnWvffM  https://itunes.apple.com/us/tv-season/mr.-robot-season-1/id993272008
Firefly....damn you Fox, damn you!
House Of Cards. It got me hook line and sinker. It's nowhere near as good as the promise it showed early on, but I'm still watching it because of how much I enjoyed that pilot.
Band of Brothers. Edit: Thanks for the Gold! I also had the honor to serve in the 101st, 187th Infantry not the 506th Infantry though.
Monk. You'll thank me later
Attack On Titan for sure. One of the most intense first episodes I've seen of any series.
Friday Night Lights. Not usually much of a drama show kind of guy, but the monologue at the end of the pilot had me feeling some type of way.
Code GeassEDIT: also, Death Note
Kimmy Schmidt. "Oh we don't really like that name". Halfway through the pilot I wanted to rewind and start over. So funny.
Sherlock.I know it has its flaws, but the pilot episode was perfect, especially if you've read the story.Edit: I don't mean the unaired 60-minute pilot, just the first official episode.
My mom and I both have troubles falling asleep and get upset when they replace a familiar sitcom with a new one, but both of us got hooked on My Name Is Earl right away. Edit: cause his name isn't Ear.
Can't believe no one has said community yet. Maybe they are all still healing from the finale. But damn thats a good show
American Horror Story. Amazing.
Vikings. Dam it was good.
All these shows are so *new.**Star Trek: The Next Generation.* Tuned in with a combination of being blown away that they're actually going to put *Trek* back on TV after all these years and completely low expectations that it'd be any good and they'd actually pull it off.  In hindsight people look down on the first two seasons, but at the time right away from episode one it blew us away.
the pilot immediately just sucked me into that whole world. I love that show so much!
As /u/fuelvolts sat and contemplated the tardiness of his initial reply, he knew what was on his mind needed to be said.  Because the facts were these: Reddit doesn't care, and *Pushing Daisies* was an amazing show regardless of what anyone else thought.
I ate so much pie while I was watching that show. After every episode I just craved pie.
Yes, okay! I just posted about Pushing Daises. Guess I didn't scroll down far enough. I've seen it twice in its entirety. Lee Pace, Kristin Chenoweth, Jim Dale... So underrated!!!!
Lee Pace <3
Such a good show, loved the style of it, kinda reminded me of Amelie. I will never understand why this was cancelled.
For the past month I've been searching for pushing daisies on Netflix and clicking on the "shows like" button. I back out right after I hit it and watch something else. This is me trying to send a message to Netflix. xD
Billy Bob Thornton is a fucking boss
Martin Freeman's fake Minnesotan accent was on point.
So good. I love Malvo's quote ~~a few episodes later~~, ["Because some roads you shouldn’t go down. Because maps used to say, “There be dragons here." Now they don’t. But that don’t mean the dragons aren’t there."] (/spoiler) Not only that quote, but that whole scene is just so good.
I don't know another show where so much shit goes down in the just the first episode. Definitely the best I've ever seen.
And to think I was concerned that it was going to suck in comparison to the movie. For the first ten minutes, though, I was thinking why the hell they were just recreating the movie.
Easily one of my favorite shows. Mason and Rube are probably some of my favorite tv characters.I wouldn't even mind a follow up like a movie or something. Shame they never made one.edit: Was sarcasm, I know there was the terrible Life After Death movie.
I need more Rube. I love that guy. The episode where he works as the cook? Priceless.
It was so expensive for the time, they were able to greenlight 2 or 3 other shows for the same budget. Plus Mandy Patinkin wasn't coming back anyway, it was one of his quit for no reason periods. But that episode with his daughter was heartbreaking man
"Death is like sex in highschool.  If you knew how many times you'd missed it, you'd have a heart attack."
I thought the first episode was a bit heavy to draw you into the show, but if you watch them out of order, I think you get a better vibe for what the show is about.
Jesus... Black Mirror... It's so fucking good, but I feel like I need to watch something funny to get the depression out of my head. It's taken me a month to get through the first 2 episodes.
Spooky Mulder! My husband and I are working our way through the series.
This is definitely it. Had to scroll a long ways to find the best show ever. I'm on my umpteenth rewatch and into season 2 right now!
Came here to say this.  I was just going to watch one episode to check it out... eight episodes later I decided I should probably get off my couch.
Disappointed that this is so far down :(Tatiana Maslany's acting is stellar.
YES!! Whenever someone asks me if they should watch it, I just describe the first 10 minutes of the pilot. So. Good.
First episode is still my favorite! "Are you gonna pay for that?" ..."just the tip."
[deleted]
Sterling Archer, codename Duchess.
Fuck your dolphin
Go kart battery
Probably one of if not the best finales I've seen
Some of the best TV writing EVER.
I can't belive I had to scroll down this far. I was hooked as soon as I watched [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQYTAogtYAg) scene.
I work in a lab. Lem and Phil speak to me on a spiritual level.
Jabberwocky.
Uh, a computer mouse or a live mouse?
Happy Fribsday!The Racial Sensitivity S1E4 episode is GOLD! This episode has me in tears from laughing from the beginning to the end.
Portia De Rossi is fraking brilliant in that show.
I came into the thread to make this comment. I hope it gets some visibility and more people get to take part in the glorious experience that is watching Better off Ted.  For those unaware - it's a sitcom about working in an amoral megacorporation. The characters are awesome, being put in / creating super goofy situations with a bit of workplace humor/commentary. It is a different type of goofy, but it holds a place near Scrubs in my heart.
It was so terribly marketed.Dammit, they only cancel the great ones!
I needed more Lindabagel.
"But using it for evil would be like beating a unicorn to death with a bag of rainbows."Lab grown meat episode: "Does it taste like beef? Chicken? What does it taste like?....Despair...
This one was WAY underrated.
DID YOU SAY CHEESE.  ...I'd love some!!Everyone knows white people can be won over with a cheese plate!I was on the floor the whole episode.
Why young man, you are so articulate and well-spoken!
Definitely. The dialogue was great and hooked me in. >"I just want to die with a little dignity.">"There's no such thing! Our bodies break down, sometimes when we're 90, sometimes before we're even born, but it always happens and there's never any dignity in it! I don't care if you can walk, see, wipe your own ass... it's always ugly - ALWAYS! You can live with dignity; you can't die with it!"
The pilot episode is weirdly lit. Like, it almost looks like it's in black and white.
Season finale of season one was really it for me. That tech crunch brainstorm session. Wow.
MOTHERFUCK
You just brought piss to a shit fight.
This guy FUCKS!
Hello this is Richard Hendricks and I'm a fuckin retard
[deleted]
While the mini-series reestablished the show, I found "33" to be far more compelling.
So say we all
After watching Laura Roslin take the oath with her hands shaking I knew I'd watch the whole series from beginning to end just to see what happens to her.
Friday nights in 2004 was a magic time for TV Sci-fi.SG1, Atlantis, and BSG all one after another.
I absolutely agree. It really isn't for everyone, though. The pilot and the second full length episode were just brutally tragic. Many of the people I ended up recommending it to had to stop there because there was just no happiness.
The scene where Six casually explains her plan to Baltar while he slowly realizes the world's going to end in 10 minutes and it's all his fault... a really goosebump-inducing scene.
"Then start asking the right fucking questions"Perfect ending
Season 2 in 2 weeks and 2 days baby
Marti: How do you sleep at night?  Rust: I don't sleep. I dream.
I love Peaky Blinders, but I really wasn't hooked till the second episode.. Now in the second episode  right as the theme started and Tommy fucking destroyed that gypsy mother fucker with his hat.. Oh man..  I was hooked then.
Peaky fookin blinders
[removed]
Too bad we will be on a long drought here. They have only recently started filming season 3.
I really enjoy this show, but does anyone else have to turn on subtitles to understand some of the dialogue?
I loved that pilot because it had  this sort of silly nature to it, campy early 90's stuff. But you could feel something, just under the surface, you could feel some terrible and unspeakable evil lurking in that town.
It is happening again.
THANK YOU. I was scrolling through all these posts of shows that will not be remembered three years from now, let alone remembered for their pilot. The pilot for Twin Peaks is one of the greatest not only because it was so well executed and written, but it so succinctly built character depth, a sense of place, horror, humor and the completely unique weirdness that the show embued.
Its a damn fine pilot.
I just watched season 1.  I loved pretty much everything about it, including the eerie music and Dexter's expressions.  I didn't like Dexter's sister for a bunch of reasons.  So, do I have to watch the "bad" seasons?  Can I just stop with season 4?
I'm sure people will come and do the usual "oh it was crap after season 2" routine but really, Arthur and Samuel were two very fine villians. Plus Danko was very intense. The story was a little disjointed sure and Sylar's "good/bad/good/bad..." storyline really killed the character for me but I thought overall it was a lot better than people give it credit for.
And aren't they coming out with another one? Heroes Reborn or something?
Space.  It seems to go on and on forever.  Then you get to the end and a gorilla starts throwing barrels at you.
I just started the show and that pilot was actually the inspiration for this question
My friends, my family, everything I've ever loved is gone. YAHOOOO!!!!!!
And it just stayed amazing through everything. God, I love that show.
I was looking to see if anyone mentioned this! I just finished season one and started season two last night. Soo good.
I think, when it's all over, I'll probably view [The Americans](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2149175/?ref_=nv_sr_1) the same way I view [Breaking Bad](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0903747/?ref_=nv_sr_1) - absolutely perfect from beginning to end.  So far The Americans has not sold its soul at all.  The entire show feels like a continuous cohesive idea from one mind.  The mood remains throughout 3 full seasons.  Characters aren't wasted.  Things that seem gratuitous turn out to be important.  While I prefer certain characters and story lines over others, everything is so well done.But unlike Breaking Bad, The Americans doesn't soften anything with humor.  There's oh-so very few jokes at all in The Americans.  The show is brutal and relentless when it wants.  Love it.
Nothing like a plane full of grotesquely melted people!
The show was amazing because for me it felt so different than everything else that was on television, but was still done at such a high level of quality.  Plus Charlie from might ducks.
Binge watched for two weeks on Netflix. It was my heroin. I was depressed when it all ended.
The show is fantastic but when recommending it everyone always talks about how slow it starts off.
While one of my favorite shows,  I find the first episode weak compared to itself later
"Oh hi!  I'm detective Right All The Time, and this is my partner detective Terrible Detective!"
"I'm not sure if I can. I've been undercover so long I've forgotten who I am. I have seen terrible things. I haven't known the touch of a woman in many moons..."
B99 is the only comedy show I've seen in a long time where I don't shrivel up cringing for half of every episode. Somehow, it manages to be funny without setting off my sympathetic social anxiety.
I laughed for minutes when Jake stood up to reveal the speedo when talking to Captain Holt (who is perfectly cast). I recommend that show profusely and I haven't found a single person who doesn't think it's hilarious.
I downloaded and play kwazy cupcakes
Speech!That was my speech.*look of defeat*
The weird thing about that show is that I've never seen a pilot so "fully formed" as B99's. It's like they started the show in the middle of the third season -- you instantly felt like you knew every character and their motivations, quirks, stories, etc.I've never seen a show come out of the gate immediately knowing exactly what it is like that before -- especially a comedy. Those usually take some time to properly mature and get the "in-jokes" going.
I miss Chuck.
I'm still convinced Yvonne Strahovski never had an episode where she didn't look spectacular.
Oh Chuck, he always knew how to charm the ladies."Vicki Vale, Vick-uh Vicki Vale,Vickity Vickity Vicki Vale, Vick-uh Vicki Vale"
It literally took me 30 seconds till I was completely interested. I mean, within the first few minutes you see corpses flying around in the back, Walt trying to kill himself, and a man in his underpants. What more could you want?
Sam Seaborn: Ms. O'Brian, I understand your feelings, but please believe me when I tell you that I am a nice guy having a bad day. I just found out the Times is publishing a poll that says that a considerable portion of Americans feel that the White House has lost energy and focus. A perception that is not likely to be altered by the video footage of the President riding his bicycle into a tree. As we speak, the Coast Guard are fishing Cubans out of the Atlantic Ocean, while the governor of Florida wants to blockade the port of Miami. A good friend of mine is about to get fired for going on television and making sense. And it turns out that I accidentally slept with a prostitute last night. Now, would you please in the name of compassion tell me which one of those kids is my boss's daughter?Mallory O'Brian: That would be me.Sam Seaborn: You.Mallory O'Brian: Yes.Sam Seaborn: Leo's daughter's first-grade class.Mallory O'Brian: Yes.Sam Seaborn: Well, this is bad on so many levels.
I liked that they didn't show the President right away. Built up a lot of suspense for a really great character.
Which is strange - even though they're made by the same person, I thought the West Wing was SO much more enjoyable than Newsroom.
Every episode was like a season finale, couldn't wait for the next one.
Im super in live with the office and watch it almost daily, but the beginning is not really that great. Took season 2 or 3 for me and then it was amazing
_Jen, describing her IT skills in an interview:_ Writing emails... reading emails... deleting emails... I could go on._Boss:_ Do.-Edit: I agree the 1st episode isn't the best, but this dialogue had me in stitches and I was hooked
Oh look, Richmonds still alive.
I love IT crowd, but nobody I show it to will watch past the Pilot episode as they don't think it's any good... So sad!
I came here to drink milk and kick ass. And I've just finished my milk.
They sold me with the "You're the worst kind of autistic" bit.
I love that, because it shows how genuinely good of a person Bob is, even if he's a bit proud and stubborn sometimes. It's so easy nowadays to make the main characters of a show complete jerks who have the world revolve around them- Bob, however, is a genuinely good person who's just trying his best to do a good job.
Tina: "My crotch is itchy." That's when I knew the show had me.
I remember the commercials for when the show first came out and thinking how stupid it looked. Then one day I was flipping through Netflix and couldn't find anything good to watch and my daughter told me I would like it. I figured what the hell and put on the first episode....I finished season 1 that night. Bob's Burgers is hilarious and Tina is my spirit animal.
you're my children and I love you. But you're all terrible at what you do here.
I thought bobs burgers was the dumbest shit untill I bingewatched it all. Actuallg so funny. I loved when he pretends to get stuck in the wall.
Gene walks out of the bathroom and says to the health inspector:You have no idea what I've been through.Not the pilot but my favorite line.
I've never seen an episode, but I love the opening.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6zDfxZ4NcE
Cowboy Bebop had me hooked from within the *first 4 measures* of the opening credits! Yoko Kanno is amazing.
See you, space cowboy.
The Snotboogy scene was a perfect intro to the series.
[deleted]
Actually I was gonna skip Daredevil, but then someone posted the hallway fight scene on reddit which got me hooked.
Yes. The Netflix format and season arc had me watch the first few till I passed out, then the rest the next day
Walking dead had an excellent pilot.  When I heard the show was coming out, I decided to give the comic a try and I felt the show really captured the feel of it.  I particullary love the intro music and the scenes it shows there.  Fantastic.
I agree.  This show is always overlooked, because it overlapped with The Sopranos.  Not only did it have a great pilot, but I believe it had the best finale I've ever seen.
That show was fantastic. I binged all 7 seasons in a few weeks and never was at all bored with it. I usually dislike the endings of serialized dramas, but that entire last season was just so damn good.
The Shield was brilliant, not enough praise for this show. The pilot was super ballsy.
Look what the homosexuals have done to me! Everything they do is so dramatic and flamboyant. It just makes me want to set myself on fire!
This show had me laughing out loud *every* episode. Easily one of my favorite TV shows of all time.
Please tell your friends about this show
Tobias Fünke: Analrapist.License Plate: ANuStart.Registered Sex Offender.
A trick is something a whore does for money... or candy
Dude the first 3 min had me hooked. "We just weren't expecting you to be black!"
I love Sunny, with a *passion* - but when I try introduce it to my friends (bear in mind, UK audience here) - I tell them to start at season 2. Season 1 feels dated and even though *I* love it, people who I've introduced to the show get put off before finishing a few episodes of season 1. Season 2 with Danny Devito really upped the production and audio quality. It's easier to get them hooked after and tell them once they've enjoyed it to go back and see season 1.Still, I love that damn show, but it is probably its best after season 1 and has a few hit and miss episodes in the last 3 seasons
YES. So hyped for episode 2. Most accurate show I've ever seen in terms of how computers are represented, which is cool because it's kind of the fucking point of the show.
Best Pilot i have seen in YEARS.
Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal!
Which pilot?  The actual pilot, or the one Fox decided to broadcast first?
I was on the fence about that show up until that moment at the end of the pilot where Mal walks onto the ship and ends the big intense standoff by just shooting the bad guy in the face. It was my first experience with Joss Whedon's writing, and that's the second I knew I was going to enjoy it.
House of Cards hooks you in the first two minutes with the "Useless Pain" monologue.
How do you expect to slay the Hunswith dust on your jump wings ?!Edit: /u/Hopetheydontfindme corrected me
Really was perfect...**EDIT:** I wasn't even really thinking of it as I was typing this out, but today is actually the 71st Anniversary of what the end of this episode depicts. So if you haven't seen *Band of Brothers*, don't read any further, because today is the perfect day to take some time and watch the first episode. ***SPOILERS:***In the entire episode there's no actual combat, and the first 60 minutes of its 70 minute run time, it just shows them enduring the training that, at the time, feels unneccearily harsh, and enduring Sobel. There's comic relief throughout. The whole thing makes being in the military feel more like a sport or something... a fun, if physically grueling time out in the woods with your friends. The whole thing feels very romantic so far.Then things start to get a bit more serious... the day of the invasion gets closer, the preparations start getting made. And Guarnere, one of the most visible characters in this episode, finds out his brother was killed in Italy, which really sombers things up.  [And then suddenly, it's time...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OiBdx-Dek4)  After Winters' speech,  there's almost no dialogue aside from some idle background chatter... just that music and the roar of the engines as the C-47s take off into the sunset. And then the last shot of the episode is panning out from the one C-47 the characters we're following are in, to reveal this huge armada of aircraft and ships, all heading in the same direction... and the immense gravity of what these characters are about to quite literally get dropped into hits you as it fades to black.Building a sense of anticipation like that when you're making things up is difficult enough. Doing it with historical events, where everyone knows the ending anyway... that's incredible.
"I can't believe I got shot in my ass, Sir!""MUCK AND PENKALA!" - Spoiler That scene where they [make it into the foxhole, only to be blown up seconds later] (/s) broke my heart. I had to stop the show for a few minutes, go downstairs and get a glass of water.
"Now the thing to remember boys, flies spread diseases. So keep yours closed"
Hidy tidy christ all mighty, who the hell are we? Zim zam God damn the airborne infantry!
The pilot was excellent, but the highpoint for me personally, that always brings tears to my eyes, is when Spears links up with the unit across enemy lines. That scene gets me right in the feels.
Yay for Monk! It's never mentioned on Reddit, but it is so well done. The first season is wonderful!
Possibly my favorite finale of any TV show too
The skinless titan was awesome and had me hooked immediately. I am impressed that they were able to make human looking monsters really creepy. Also, the opening credits for the first half of the season is EPIC!
Amazing pilot. The news interview montage got me so interested in the characters. Then Street drops at the end and with him my heart. Episode two played immediately.
Clear eyes. Full hearts.
Texas forever, six! For real, though. I love, love, love this show.
Gonna be famous, gonna be on tv, gonna get rich and burn off my skiiin taaags!
My buddy just showed me the Peeno Noir video before I saw the pilot and I was hooked.
WHITE WOMEN RESCUEDAlso Hispanic Woman savedRight then I knew
It also has the greatest theme song. THEY'RE ALIVE DAMNIT
Cindy suffering from Hulkamania is the best writing any writer could do.
For me it was when she screamed "URETHRA!" instead of "Eureka!"
I can't wait for the next season!
"And take off that yellow jacket, or they'll think you're part of the Banana Boys! It's a new gang, there weren't any good colors left!"Dammit, now you've just reminded me of my crippling need for more episodes of this show.
What is everyone's obsession with bottled water. Why are people so thirsty all the time!
As a former cult member myself (not a famous one), I thought it was extremely well written. The whole but about how she is totally defined by her experiences but also seeks to hide them at any price.... I identified so hard with that part.Some people wanted an IMA. So here ya go:http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/38pl3f/i_grew_up_in_a_cult_and_i_like_kimmy_schmidt_ama/
"Titus! Dancing is all about butts now!"
Well. They. CALL ME COOL KIMMY, 'CAUSE I LIKE TO RAP!
UNBREAKABLE
Sometimes when I'm sad I just rewatch episodes of this show and eat ice cream. It just puts me in a really great mood. I want like, motivational Kimmy posters for my room.
i love the way they updated stories from the books. My favorite is sherlock's deduction of watson's brother's pocket watch, and updated it into a smartphone. Brilliant
I knew Sherlock has to be here. You are right the pilot episode was just flawless which you don't see that often. Especially for a book-based show.
You should check out Raising Hope. It's on Netflix. Apparently it takes place in the town over from My Name is Earl and some of the actors make appearances. I thought it was well done and hilarious.
A lot of people dislike the pilot and I did as well at first. But I find that if you re watch it after you've seen the whole show, it has so much of the Community charm and elements that will become staples later on. IMO season 1 was all-around the strongest that the show every had, helped largely in part by the fact that it as filmed on location and Greendale felt like a real place.
The first episode I saw was Advanced Dungeons and Dragons, and that's the one I recommend to hook people to the show. If they like it, they'll like the six seasons. If they don't, why even bother?
I need the next season to come out yesterday.
*Pie-lette
Well done. But considering this is the top comment currently, I think Reddit does care. It is weird though, I felt like I was the only one who loved Pushing Daisies until a few years after it got cancelled. That and Better Off Ted. I really wish those shows generated enough buzz while there was still time to save them.
The writers strike was the main reason.
Aces!
Ahh jeez
They could only do it if EVERYONE agreed to come back. Especially Mandy Patinkin, he's critically important.If they tried to do it without him or something...the fans would revile the resulting product so much that they'd likely pretend it didn't even exist.
Same. I don't know how someone can watch the first ep of Orphan Black and then not piss away an entire day watching rest of it.
Imagine if Dollhouse had had a lead actress who could actually act, instead of playing 10 variations of herself.
I actually dont have any cash on me... I also need cab fare.
The Rampage episode in Season 2, where Archer is gonig through chemo. The best.
Known from Berlin to Bangkok as the world's most dangerous spy.
And an actually GOOD ending with Michael C. Hall.
>Phil: Did you put hydrochloric acid in this mug?>Lem: Oh, yeah. I was trying to get the stains out.>Phil: You know, soap would work. And it wouldn't kill someone if they accidentally drank it.>Lem: But soap leaves a film.
"So, this is guilt, huh?  In the past I’ve always just counteracted this feeling with other emotions like “sugar” or “drunk”."
>Ted: We may have created a monster in the lab.>Veronica: It's not a monster. It's a cyborg that can kill without remorse.>Ted: I was talking about Phil. What are you talking about?>Veronica: [pause] I was also talking about Phil. [Ted gives her a look] It's classified. But it's gonna be a fantastic new tool, if we can get it to tell the difference between soldiers and children.If there was ever a show Netflix needed to pick back up, Better Off Ted is it. That show was insanely good.
"It's time for this fawn to strap on a machine gun, spread it's wings, and fly"
**Veridian Dynamics**Food. Yum.
This is one if my favorite comedy shows if the last few years. I just told a guy at work about it and of course he loved it. So stupid to cancel it.
They should have just aired the Veridian Dynamics commercials!
I think it's okay as long as they say it.
Team: "We've got rectal bleeding"House:" What, all of you? “Team: frustrated stares. Gets me every time
Clip in question: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dV6fDJi_6ns
Weird music cues in the pilot too. Sounds like they used stock music. Improves immediately in episode 2.
Singer initially wanted to show to be like a noir-ish CSI with the disease as the villain in every episode.So the first season is a lot darker, with harsh shadows and slatted blinds everywhere.
Are you talking about Erlich's equation on how to give a hand job to everyone at the presentation within the alloted time?
It seemed like the first season was just a build up to a dick joke. Brilliant.
This guy fucks.
"That guy, Bin Laden, and he fucks"
One of my favourite single episodes of TV ever. The miniseries was good, but once I watched "33" I knew this was a show that I would love.
To paraphrase the Kevin Bacon question; what is your favourite BSG and why is it '33'?
The sheer fucking humanity of Laura Roslin makes me weepy every time. She's got no real answers and is scared shitless, but still brings it.
And *that song.* The Black Angels were already one of my favorite bands, but it was absolutely perfect for that ending.
"Tastes like aluminum.. and ash."
That last line made me gasp "Oh fuck, this is goooooood". Some of the best and most ambitious TV ever made.
2 Detective
Time is a flat circle
[deleted]
Billy FOOKIN Kimbah
I like how it started off as a fairly stock whodunit drama, then got weirder and weirder until it was all murderous spirits and doppelgangers.
I have yet to meet anyone with the willpower to stop at Season 4. It's sensible too, that season is stellar. So I recommend you sate your curiosity with Wikipedia and save yourself some grief.
They just had problems with balancing the powers of the various heroes I thought.
My memory is a bit hazy but I got pumped about there being a next season because of the ending was bad (everything else was fine), and needed an extra season to clear it up. The next season never came, and so Heroes left my mind.------Oh, and.. Zachary Quinto will always be Sylar no matter what he plays."Oh look it's Sylar in Star Trek" *Go on, hurt those people.*"Oh look it's Sylar in American Horror Story" *That's the spirit.*------Just googled Heroes, came up with [Heroes Reborn](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heroes_Reborn_%28miniseries%29).. A new 13-episode mini-series.
You stink, loser!
Good news everyone!
"Alright! I'm a delivery boy!"
It just kept getting better! Especially the parts where they go revisit the pilot, like when you learn about nibblers involvement, etc.
The writing just gets better.It's a pity that it's so far down this list.
Or a bus full of amber. Or a building full of amber.Or a park full of amber.Or a lab full of amber.Or a subway station full of amber.MORE AMBER!
It's a beautiful name.What is?Astrid.Tears...
Correct. I think the show doesn't really pick up any speed until Kyoshi Island, at least.
Santiago!!! Don't leave me!
The "w" is backwards.
Jeffster needs to hurry up and make a cover album
Same. :(
Just rewatched the whole thing in a month. Its exactly as you remembered it except for the parts that are awesome that your forgot about
I really hope Marvel pays attention to fans and casts her as Captain Marvel.
I think she just looks spectacular 24/7
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YeSAqpuNkUcBest scene in my opinion
"The President came to a sudden arboreal stop."
For me, it was Bartlet's very first scene when he lays a verbal smackdown on some religious right pundits. That's the point when I knew the show was going to be good:**President Josiah Bartlet**: Al, how many times have I asked you to denounce the practices of a fringe group that calls itself the lambs of god?**Rev. Al Caldwell**: Sir, that's not up to me.**President Josiah Bartlet**: Crap! It is up to you, Al. You Know, my wife Abby, she never wants me to do anything when I'm upset, thank you Mr. Louis, twenty eight years ago, I came home from a very bad day at the statehouse, I tell Abby I'm going out for a drive. I get in the station wagon, put it in reverse, and pulled out of the garage full speed. Except, I forgot to open the garage door! Abby told me not to drive while I was upset, and she was right. She was right yesterday when she told me not to get on that damned bicycle while I was upset, but I did it anyway. And I guess I was just about as angry as I've ever been in my life. Seems my granddaughter, Annie, had given an interview to one of those teen magazines, and, somewhere between movie stars and make-up tips, she talked about her feelings on a woman's right to choose. Now, Annie, all of twelve, has always had a good head on her shoulders, and I like it when she uses it. So I couldn't understand it when her mother called me in tears yesterday. I said Elizabeth, what's wrong? She said It's Annie. Now, I love my family, and I've read my bible from cover to cover, so, I want you to tell me, from what part of holy scripture do you suppose the Lambs of God drew their divine inspiration, when they sent my twelve year old granddaughter a Raggedy Anne Doll with a knife stuck through it's throat? (pause) You'll denounce these people, Al, you'll do it publicly, and until you do, you can all get your fat asses out of my white House. C.J., show these people out.
Josh: VICTORY IS MINE! I drink from the keg of glory, Donna! Bring me the finest muffins and bagels in all the land!Donna: It's going to be an unbearable day
Rob Lowe has such great comedic timing. [spoiler] (/s "I was sad when he left the show.")
Toby: Accidentally? I don't understand, did you trip?
The episode where he fires the two guys in the Council's office for harassing Ainsley gives me a justice chubby every time I re-watch it. Sam is a BMF.
West Wing was Sorkin.Newsroom is SORKIN.
I didn't find it funny until I saw Stanley playing basketball. That was episode 3 or 4.
the web, keyboard, using mice, mices
FFFAAATTTHHHEEERRR!!!
Too bad.  "The Work Outing" is the best.
its like countdown, but on the street
Louise is probably my most favorite TV character of all time.
"You're my children and I love you. But you're all terrible at what you do here and I feel like I should tell you I'd fire all of you if I could."
I love it because they took a different approach with a male lead in a cartoon or sitcom. Usually you always see the male idiot/weirdo surrounded by a relatively normal world, but in Bob's Burgers it is a relatively average/normal Bob surrounded by a world full of weirdos and idiots. King of the Hill was very, very similar and I just love that dynamic in both shows.
"Are you telling me as my daughter or my grill cook? Because my grill cook would never tell me that."
For me it was when she counted the toothpicks.
Alright everyone, put your hands in. Not you, Tina.
Linda: "Hey, don't knock down on the whistle. Whistles stop hundreds of crimes every year." Tina: "And thousands of basketball players."
It has one of the best soundtracks of all time.        Yoko Kanno is a genius.
If you like the intro the whole show is chock full of awesome music.
You're gonna carry that weight.
McNulty: So every weekend he'd try to rip you off?  Then why'd you let him play?Witness: Got to.  This America, man.
I think that's episode 2, though. I actually didn't really love the first episode, but I knew it was going to be awesome so I stuck with it, and I was right.
I remember coming across it on TV at the time, and hadn't heard about it. I thought it was a TV movie... then it said "Next time on the Walking Dead" and I gasped in excitement!
That whole final season was amazing.  There were very few weak episodes throughout the entire run.
I have that same blouse!...I like it better on him.
"The HBO's not going to want us.""Well, I think it's Showtime."So sad to watch them pander so shamelessly. And so funny.
THERE ARE DOZENS OF US! DOZENS!
Lucille: Hello, anus tart.Narrator: And she hadn't even seen the license plate.
> I seem to have prematurely blew my load on what was supposed to be a bit of a dry run, so now I've got something of a mess on my hands. This line is just incomprehensibly suggestive; easily my favorite Tobias line.
Woah woah woah we don't want any trouble
After watching the series so many times, you still pick up on different characters mannerisms. The awkward silence after that line and watching charlie look up at the to check to see if its broken..classic.
Season 1 has some of the best writing in all of the show. Also, the first season perfectly introduces that they are willing to confront any issue, no matter how controversial or taboo. 3 of the first 7 episodes tackle child molestation, abortion, and casual racism. Then again, the 3rd episode of season 2, "Dennis and Dee go on Welfare," is arguably the best episode in the entire show. Also, I feel like the last 2 seasons of Sunny have been better than seasons 6-8 which I think were the 3 weakest in the show. I think "The Gang Desperately Tries to Win an Award" and "Charlie Work" might not be the funniest Sunny episodes, but they might be the two smartest and most artistically satisfying episodes in the show's 10 seasons.
Both "work", but the actual pilot was better.
Before this show, my thought every single time there was a standoff on TV was: "Why doesn't someone just shoot faster?  It's not like there's time to react to a bullet."Then I saw this episode: "OMG. FINALLY."
The instant Frank looked directly at the camera, I got goosebumps and was hooked. The show simultaneously fascinates and horrifies me.
Agreed.  When he goes to the dog and is talking you are kind of curious where it is going.  Then, SNAP.  I was like, WHAT?
You look at my trousers and tell me they're bloused!Also, David Schwimmer was so perfectly cast.
Guarnere: "My brother's in North Africa, he says it's hot there"Malarkey: "Really? It's hot in Africa?"
>  feels unnecesarily harsh, and enduring Sobel. There's comic relief throughout. The whole thing makes being in the military feel more like a sport or somethingIt does an excellent job of making the viewer care about *everyone* in Easy Company without having to focus on the majority of the individuals present. Similar to soldiers bonding and rallying through the harshness of boot camp, the opening episode humanizes the whole company and unites the viewer with them. Full Metal Jacket was similar yet less successful because it focused highly on a few individuals rather than the whole company. In BoB when Sobel is running everyone ragged we are shown wide, panning shots of the whole company being punished with the primary characters having minimal lines and, usually, only in passing. In FMJ, even when the whole company is being punished, the camera is tightly focused on Pyle, Joker, or one of the very few other major characters. BoB's first episode is fantastically done.
"At first the Germans didn't shoot at him. I think they couldn't quite believe what they were seeing. But that wasn't the really astounding thing. The astounding thing was that, after he hooked up with I Company...he came back."
Also Psych.  I find if you like Monk you tend to enjoy Psych too.  It can be a bit over the top though I do admit.
It's all good though since we got the birth of Matt Saracen.
CAN'T LOSE.
my great aunt's birthday, january 2, 1934. 1234. great PIN, titus!
I love the exchange between him and Lillian when he's telling her about it."Pinot Noir...""Classy!""An ode to black penis.""I assumed."
Peeno Noir, caviar, midsized car!
IT'S A MIRACLE!
That theme song sometimes gets stuck in my head for days.
My body is ready for season two. YOU HEAR ME NETFLIX?!
Even more to the writers' credit: Her name is actually spelled "Cyndee." I never would have found this without watching the credits, but there it was! The way she spelled it, to my knowledge, was never mentioned in the show. It's just those tiny comedic details that hooked me from the start.
"Cindy?  It's me, Macho Man Randy Savage."
Hashbrown: no filter.
-- Water?-- No thank you.*throws it unopened in the thrash*
Girl at club: Hey! Do you want to party with us? Are you into molly?Kimmy: Am I!? She’s my *favorite* American Girl doll.
My favorite part was that he got the brother part wrong cause there there was no way to know that Watson only had a sister.  It showed that he is good but is really only making very educated guesses.
Season 2 would like to have a word with you (seriously though I love all of Community, even season 4. Season one is so strong though and easily one of the best if not the best first season of a show.)
The double finale (the paintball episodes from 2nd season for me).. That's what I get people to watch if they're watching for the first time
There is no movie in Ba Sing...Wait, wrong series. Sorry.
And if they hired a different actress to take over an important role and that actress had never actually seen the show and didn't know at all the personality of the character she was supposed to be portraying.That would be really annoying.
Can confirm, just did this last month.Tatiana Maslany is just down right incredible.
SURVEY SAYS!
The look Phil gives him in that moment. Those guys had amazing chemistry and their body acting was top notch.
Thanks, guys. I wrote that episode. One of my favorites.
"That's right Ted, I'm different than other women. And by different, I mean better"
> Veronica: "Hey, Pete, is it true that in space no one can hear you poop?"> > Pete: "..."> > Veronica: "Oh, come on! That was hilarious."#>"How should I know what's wrong? I'm not a Greek philosopher."
You're the only one who ran away from the octo chicken.Well it scared me when it came down from its web.We created a monster downstairs.It's not a monster, it's a cyborg that kills without remorse.
If Netflix picks up that show and increases their price by like 1 dollar I wouldn't mind
I would be outrageously excited. I simply can't believe it isn't more popular, it's just as good as the Office
Ted: I can't go now, I have to watch Rose.Veronica: I can wash Rose.Ted: ...I said "watch" her, not "wash" her.Veronica: Hm, even easier.Ted: The fact that you thought I was going to go wash Rose right now makes me think you might not know all that much about children.Veronica: I know they need to be cleaned.
**Veridian Dynamics**Diversity. Good for us.
Babies. We don't make those. But we did clone this goat.
Diversity. Just the thought of it makes these white people smile.
Yes, tip to tip and middle out.
You know, I've been known to fuck myself.
Très comás!
33 is in my opinion tied with Lost for the single greatest first episode of a show ever.  It was gripping and I felt just as desperate as Edward James Olmos to find a way to escape the pursuing fleet.  Amazing.
"33" was actually the first episode I watched.  I had a wtf is going on feeling the whole time. I was on the edge the entire episode.  I immediately found a copy of the mini-series right after.
Exodus Part 2, hands down. That entire story arc (starting way back with the ramp-up of the Roslin vs Baltar presidential campaign and ending with the exodus from New Caprica) was absolute perfection, and its climax was the height of that perfection.I love how [Tigh looks up a moment *before* Galactica jumps in.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAnVlDeFYNs#t=0m03s) Chills every fucking time. And that music...
2 True 2 Detective
Man those accents are so mesmerizing. Most of the main characters are also just faking it but they had me fooled thats all that really matters.
I agree. I felt the fact it never took itself too seriously was perfectly juxtaposed with all the mystery and evil. Still one of my favourite shows.
Don't forget David Duchovny in [drag!](http://i.imgur.com/93EK9cz.jpg) Denise was one of my favorite characters.
Peter and Hiro's powers were so beyond everyone else's it was just stupid.
FRY!  PIZZA GOIN' OUT!  C'MON!!
To shreds you say...
Do you need some licorice, Walter?
Sant-iago! IAGO! Traitor!
Chuck movie for 2016 please :(
I watched it for the first time only about 8 or 9 months ago. I wanted some nice light and fun show to watch occasionally.I ended up binging the whole thing over ~~10~~ 7 days. I don't think I've ever been as emotionally affected by a show as I was with Chuck.EDIT: Just remembered. I watched *Community* (first four seasons) in 10 days. Pretty sure I did Chuck (all 5 seasons, and it being a 40 minute show rather than a 20 minute one) in just 7.
Toby: "You think the US is under attack by 1200 Cubans in rowboats?"Sam: "I'm not saying I don't like our chances..."
I like the way he entered the room and that was what told me I was about to watch ALL of this show.John Van Dyke: The First Commandment says Honor thy father.Toby Ziegler: No it doesn'tJosh Lyman: Toby...Toby Ziegler: It doesn't.Josh Lyman: Listen...Toby Ziegler: No if I'm going to make you sit through this preposterous exercise, we're going to get the names of the damn commandments right.Mary Marsh: Okay. Here we go.Toby Ziegler: Honor thy father is the Third Commandment.John Van Dyke: Then what's the First Commandment?President Josiah Bartlet: I am the Lord your God. Thou shalt worship no other god before me. Boy, those were the days, huh?
The best part was his introduction to the conversation when Toby was about to explode over the incorrect Commandment being referenced.That monologue was good but that entrance... just wonderfully done.
When I'm old and senile I'm going to be reminiscing about how the USA has really gone to hell since Bartlett was in office.
As someone halfway through Season 2, I'm sad now.
I am torn Sam was a great character but, I missed the Ainsley Hayes character when she left.
Does Rob Lowe ever finish a show?He's left the West Wing, Brothers and Sisters, and Parks & Recreations.I love the man, but give us some closure for once!
Yeah that basketball episode sold me too. Diveristy Day was awesome but something about that basketball game in the warehouse spoke to me
Single clicking.... double clicking....
"Well, you seem to know your stuff. I'm making you head of IT."
I'm disabled.
Tina gets a lot of the attention for some reason, but Louise really is the star of that show. She's such a good foil to Bob and has an electric energy about her.
I'm happy that Kristen Schaal has finally found a medium in which she does not come across completely as annoying. She is a brilliant Louise.
"Also, my daughter should probably not say anything like that to me. Tell her, tell your mom."That was the line that had me cracking up and really sold me on Bob being the funny straight man of the family.
And then episode 3 happened and HOLY SHIT IT GOT GORY.
*"It was Mr. Bluth’s son “Gawb,” a part-time magician, who hid his father here, in The Aztec Tomb. By pushing on this pivoting panel Mr. Bluth was able to hide in this airless chamber.  Perhaps a good trick for a human, but the dogs found him almost instantly."*"I have to think that the Alliance is going to frown upon this"
I don't see it as a series. Maybe a movie.
"I don't know why those people like you so much."
Skipped a kinda important word there
I think Chardee MacDennis is my favorite episode. The game does not work as well in real life though.
You know in the second season where he doesn't break the fourth wall till the very end of the episode. Looks at you "Thought I forgot about you?"  Literally gasped.
Spacey is such a good actor, I can see a still picture of him looking into the camera with a blank background and tell whether I'm looking at Kevin Spacey in a suit and tie or Frank Underwood.I don't understand how his expressions and mannerisms change when he's in that character to make the difference, but it's pretty amazing.
Spacey's delivery is very alluring. His voice basically drags you in and then the dialogue is just unpredictable.
YUP! I was also surprised by how I do not really relate him to "Ross" while watching that show. Also my favorite line of his in BoB; "Rust on the buttplate hinge spring, Private Bullshit. Revoked."
Hi-Ho Silver!!!!
Psych is a good replacement to scrubs if you liked the chemistry between JD and Turk
I like Psych too- it's kind of silly in a nice and funny way. I find some parts quite hilarious! I haven't watched it completely though.
What?! Negative one dollars?!
That whole ATM scene is my favorite thing ever.
It went to voicemail, call it again.
UNBREAKABLE
Oooooooooooooooo -dammit-
Wikipedia says season 2 is being released spring of 2016. I CAN'T WAIT THAT LONG.
This! So many times it just feels too unreal in the books, as if the character had superpowers, but BBCs adaption just adds a brilliant sense of humanity to Sherlock. Ruddy brilliant show, apart from beginning of Season 3 lol
Season 2 had some of the best episodes but it was also inconsistent in my eyes. I think S3 is tied with it, and would edge out if not for the sort of ridiculous Chang arc.And speaking of Chang, another reason why season 1 was great. He was my favourite supporting character, and then he turned to shit season 2 and onward, like they couldn't figure out what to do with him after he was fired.
>Phil: Lem, you ever get the feeling the ooplasm cultures are looking up at you, worshiping you like a vengeful god?>Lem: No. Cytoplasm cultures sometimes, but never ooplasm.>Phil: Sometimes you are a complete stranger to me.
Racial Sensitivity is the episode I make people watch when introducing them to the show, and then a week later they get back to me upset that there aren't more episodes.That episode is in my top three favorite episodes of any show ever (other two are the Train Robbery episode of Breaking Bad and S2E1 of House of Cards.)Such a great premise, and so many great lines:* My white guy sucks* It gets dark when you leave the room. Oh, How can I stay mad at you when you say things like that!* Diversity: just the thought of it makes these white people smile.* It's the opposite of racist, because it's not targeting black people, it's ignoring them. The worst people can call it is indifferent.* We're eight black guys in an elevator, of course the white guy is going to get offYou should keep writing episodes and act it out with hand puppets!
are you for serious?
Zing bang!
"Well, it's not Katrina, but it is a problem."
It's better than the office in my opinion.
You just brought [piss to a shit fight](https://youtu.be/cpuexiPFgnY#t=7).
If I remember correctly, that was the one where they had to keep jumping every half hour and everyone was exhausted? I loved that episode. You could feel everyone's desperation and exhaustion.
It also features one of my favorite examples of a simple, short line that delivers a shitload of emotion. I think it's right after the first or second jump that Adama almost mutters under his breath, "We're getting slower."
They had to keep nerfing Peter, Hiro, and Sylar. The future episode was so crazy. Seeing Peter with the Scar and him have complete control over his powers gave so much potential and showed how bad it could go.
The fact that Claire's blood could heal people but was hardly utilised was just silly.
I think this really shows how they didn't think past season one with this thing.Or (and perhaps more likely) the network stepped in and made them scrap whatever plans they had for a different group of characters for season two and forced them to keep the characters that they had no story past that one season they sketched out.
C'MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN!
Hello!  Pizza delivery for a...*I.C. Wiener?*...Oh, crud.
Anyone else watch this series so many times that instead of reading the thread, you can just replay that scene in your head?I fucking love futurama.
Thank you, Asterix.
I'm surprised you've read Othello.
There's hope my friend!http://hollywoodlife.com/2015/06/05/chuck-movie-reboot-reunion-revival-zachary-levi-interview/
Tell me something, if I were to stand on high ground in Miami, I would be as informed as I am right now.
Sorry!They handle it rather well, and his replacement is pretty good. He's just not Sam.But you're halfway through S2? Oh, to be in your shoes again.The best is yet to come.
I think that's the episode that really hooked the audience into rooting for Jim against Roy. You're instantly brought back to the school days of gym class, trying to impress the girl/guy that you like. Everyone's felt that way.Honestly, that's the arc that carries the entire show. As soon as Pam and Jim get married, the show starts going downhill.
Leg disabled!
"Excuse me...""Yes, miss?"Funniest thing I'd seen in a long time
"We know you'll push on a cow's butt for half an hour without asking for help. Gotta have that butt all to yourself."
"Mom, my crotch is itchy.""Lemme see"
Bob is also one of the most relatable characters on tv.  He's like a real dad, not just some caricaturized clown with kids
That subtitles guy had [BONES BREAKING] on hotkey.
I didn't realize until re-watching the pilot a couple of days ago that Gob actually founded the Alliance.I think he made a huge mistake.
"So I dragged him into the back alley...AND I TORE HIS ASS APART!"
The scene where Charlie pretends to be a Texas oil tycoon in a limo and vomits fake blood all over everyone might be the funniest goddamned thing I've ever seen.
That episode was insane. When he did the thing he did right before he broke the fourth wall i literally screamed WHAT and woke up my roommates lol.
One of the best actors of his generation. I'm having a hard time thinking of another actor with his range of character. It's what made his performances in American Beauty and The Usual Suspects.
You planning on killing Germans, Private?Yes, sir!Not with this rusty bayonet.  Revoked!/paraphrasing
That's one of my favorite lines.  "Malarkey is slang for bullshit, isn't it?"  "Yes, sir!"
I would watch the crap out of The Phil and Lem Show.
All those lines are great, and that episode is really good.  My favorite part has to be when Veronica is describing how she experienced prejudice because she grew up "5'10", blonde, and stunning".
~~One of t~~The writer~~s~~ of Racial Sensitivity (S1E4 of Better Off Ted, which that dialogue appears) was Michael Glouberman. Globymike. ~~Plausible, but I'd like some proof~~.
I'LL KILL YOUR MOTHER! I'LL RAPE YOUR FATHER!"
Yeah exactly.  The cyclon fleet was somehow tracking them and everytime they jumped to a new place, they inevitably showed up 33 minutes later.  The pilots were having to fight off the invaders until the civilian fleet could all get away so no one was able to get any rest.  I think they had been going a few days when the events of the episode occured and they were finally able to ditch the Cylons.
EJO made that show for me. He so perfectly delivered that role.
Like at the end of season one when Peter and Sylar finally fight. And they fist fight. All these powers, and they're punching each other.
Should've kept Lindermann around, Claire's blood was a horrible deus ex machina
Yeah...like the Nikki clone (or whatever it was) was a painfully obvious attempt to keep Ali Larter around
Michelle, baby!
I always figured at this point in my life I'd be the one making crank calls. Here's to another lousy millennium
Astro
Othello? What's Othello? I was talking about Aladdin's parrot!
> True or false: If I were to stand on high ground in Key West with a good pair of binoculars, I'd be as informed as I am right now.
To watch *Two Cathedrals* again with a blank slate...
I agree about the show going downhill after their marriage, mostly because of the effect marriage had on the characters. IMO they sort of lost a certain youthful energy they had before and both (especially Pam) became way less funny, and as the show went on they both tended to do more uncharacteristic stupid things that seemed rather out of place. The way they interacted also became a lot more bland in my opinion.
The Belchers feel more like a real family to me than any other TV family I can think of.
That, and the end of the episode where the gang is trapped in a house looking for a vase, only for Frank to whip it and shatter it, are the hardest I've laughed in months I think.
> can I offer you an egg in this trying time
I was waiting for it the whole time and then I thought to myself "maybe they changed the format" and then *BOOM*
I've never legitimately stood up and shouted while watching any form of media/entertainment until the train scene in this episode. Holy fucking shit this show.
> I'm having a hard time thinking of another actor with his range of character. Gary Oldman. But it gets much harder trying to pick a third.edit: Apparently it's not so hard after all :)
This man has 100 prophylactics in his foot locker. How was he ever going to have the strength to fight the war?
WHAT IS THE GODDAMN HOLD UP CAPTAIN SOBEL?A fence, sir!OH WELL THAT DOG JUST AIN'T GONNA HUNT!
I really enjoyed the last episode, or maybe it was the one before, when Winters is a Major and salutes Sobel and Sobel tries to act like he didn't see it and Winters stops him "we salute the rank, not the man". Winters could have been such a dick, but he wasn't but he still gets to pull rank and give a somewhat polite "fuck you" to Sobel.
>Phil: Wow. I had no idea.>Veronica: Well, how could you? You're still not 5'9".>Phil: Thank you.
You can come over to my house to see my driver's license? And not to be a stickler, but I was the sole writer of that episode ;)
I loved the parallels with the battle of Britain. Where pilots would fall asleep as they landed, get towed off the runway, get their planes patched up, rearmed, and refueled, then go right back up to try to hold off the German bombers.
Ah yeah, when they did that thing at the end that was both sad and necessary.Looks like I'm going to have to go back and watch the whole damn series over for a 3rd time, now.
They did SUCH an incredible job of conveying the severity and near futility of it all.These are the last humans left alive, they just barely avoided complete and total extermination, and the very first problem they have to contend with, I can only imagine would be the most stressful and exhausting situation possible.The whole first season was truly amazing. I really appreciated how grounded it was in the way basically each episode was simply, ok, we're alone, this is the way our life is now, we need food, boom there's an episode about getting food, we need water, boom episode, we need fuel, boom. It made everything very real and relatable and I think it's one of the reasons why it was so popular even with mass audiences who don't have any real interest in sci-fi.I've never shown that show to a single person that didn't fall in love in with it. And so I contend there are only two types of people in the world, those who love Battlestar Galactica, and those who have yet to watch Battlestar Galactica.So say we all.
EJO, for me, was the perfect portrayal of a true leader. Not a flamboyant James Kirk, no over-the-top look-at-me shit, just a calm, controlled man that everyone was willing to follow.
That was when I realized it was never going to be the live-action dragonball z i've always wanted
It's not working out Fry.
Hey, what th---
Asprin
Someone needs to perfect memory erasing for this sole purpose.
If you notice they are all wearing different parts of an Indiana Jones costume. I like to think that the gang was walking by the pawn shop and came across an Indiana Jones outfit. Since Frank was the only one with money, he ended up keeping the whip
Tom Hanks probably.
The guy is a genius. I had a headmaster just like him at boarding school. - NixNix is one of my fav characters in the whole thing.
"What is this? *Any*body.""Uh...that's a can of peaches, sir.""Lieutenant Nixon thinks this is a can of peaches. That is incorrect lieutenant, your weekend pass is revoked."
It's frightening to know it was based on a real person.
Now you cut down that fence and get this GOD DAMN PLATOON ON THE MOVE!
Can you tell me what happened then? Why did the show get canned? I have never laughed my ass off like I did at Better off Ted.
"How? Why?" doesn't really matter now. What does matter is that as of this moment, we are at war. You've trained for this. You're ready for this. Stand to your duties, trust your fellow shipmates, and we'll all get through this. Further updates as we get them. Thank you."
I put your stuff out on the sidewalk!
wuh wahhh! *click tick tick tick tick tick tick flash*
Its contraband. Edit: Wait didn't he say it was property of the US government or the Army?  I've only watched the damn series about 10 times
"This is United States Army property which was taken without authorization from my mess facility. And I will not tolerate thievery in my unit."
I was only there for the twelve episodes of season one. They did another twelve for season two, but had no clue how to promote the show. I used to sit and watch Victor Fresco (the creator) almost tear his hair out getting network notes. One of the executives thought it was a mockumentary.
After Tigh gives his big speech in the CIC and then EJO just says "We make mistakes and people die.  There aren't many of us left."
I hate my life, I hate my life, I hate my life.
Welcome, to the world of tomorrow!
"Captain, are personal letters to be considered contraband?"*Sniff*"These men aren't paratroopers yet, lieutenant. They have no personal property."
This is so depressing. It was such a great show. I have worked with people like that. Who, no matter how many different ways you explained something, just didn't get it.
I want to thank you for making me laugh over the years.  3rd Rock from the Sun, Malcom in the Middle (re-watching this with my son on Netflix), and Better Off Ted are three of my favorite shows.
Happy New Yea!
Why do you always have to say it that way?
