Fringe.John Noble appeared and did his magic and I was hooked.
Archer and Arrested Development. I just love both of them so much and they even share a couple of characters.
Suits. Especially the part when Mike Ross evaded the FBI officers because he remembered the pool was closed. That flashback scene was just on point for me!
True detective. Rust: "This place is like someone's memory of a town, and the memory is fading. It's like there was never anything here but jungle"   Marty: "Stop saying shit like that it's unprofessional"   Rust: "Is that what I'm going for here"   Marty: "I just want you to stop saying odd shit, like you smell a psychos fear or you're in a faded memory of a town, just stop"   Rust: "Given how long it's taken for me to reconcile my nature I can't see I'd forego it on your account Marty"  *They sit back in the car*   Marty: "So you get any sleep last night".  Rust: "I don't sleep, I just dream" Marty: *Glares*
House.
The Newsroom. Definitely one of the best opening scenes I've ever seen.Edit: [This scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zqOYBabXmA)
Futurama - Space Pilot 3000. Honestly one of my favourite episodes, it has such a great story arc and sets up the rest of the show perfectly.
Mr.Robot
Peaky Blinders
Orphan Black
House of Cards has one of the best pilot episodes of all time.
BBC Sherlock. Normally I have the attention span of a potato, but I sat all the way through it in one go, completely transfixed.
Supernatural.
Psych
My answer will always be Lost.Such a damn good pilot - from the incredible set to the intriguing mystery of the island, that pilot had everything you could want to draw your viewers in and keep them there.It's just too bad the rest of the series didn't hold onto that quality.
Freaks and Geeks
Burn Notice
Daredevil had me hooked pretty quickly. Marathoned the show shortly after.
Jessica Jones. Especially the first episode's ending!
game of thrones. I was hooked before the intro finished. Watched the entire first season that night. Stayed up till 5
Warehouse 13!
Archer
The Blacklist
Young Justice. The show was fucking perfect from the start and even though it onto lasted two seasons it will always have a place in my heart as one of he best fucking shows ever.
Brooklyn 99.
Pushing Daisies, Hannibal, Halt and Catch Fire, The X Files, Forever, the list goes on. So many underrated shows hooked me with the pilot, then got canceled.Edit: HCF didn't get cancelled, I just lumped it worth everything else. Season three is getting made right now.
Dexter.
Scrubs.
Chuck, bingewatched all 5 seasons in 1 week, I even skipped classes to watch it..
Firefly. Watched the first episode when the show was already cancelled out of curiosity. didn't stop until I had the whole series finished.
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
Community
Rick and Morty
Scrubs,  the opening scene itself made me realise that this is gonna be a good series.
Broadchurch. Stumbled across it on Netflix one night and watched the entire first season in a single sitting. Then I re-watched it with a friend over the next two days.
The Sopranos.
No Battlestar Galactica?That s*** was intense as frack
[deleted]
Breaking Bad, The 100 and The Blacklist
You know that kinda guy you see at the gas station on your way to grandmas house, the kind that buys a tall boy, pack a cigarettes and some Lotto tickets, the kind that you wait to come out before you and your family go in? Well that's me, but if you got the time to get to know me instead of just stereotyping me based on the way I look you would find, that I'm exactly who you think I am , hell I'll pretty much steal anything that isint nailed down.
Avatar: The Last Airbender. It wasn't even the pilot episode. I watched some random episode (Zuko Alone) with friends while on holiday and ended up downloading the whole show and binging it in like 2 days when we got back. To this day, I could rewatch the show and just straight binge it, without getting bored.
Chuck. It's such a fantastic show and I was hooked right away.
Attack on Titan, Vikings,
The Walking Dead, both scary and eventful. I love that show
How I Met Your Mother
Blue Mountain state
Suits. First episode sets the entire premise for the series and is so well done. If you haven't watched Suits, you haven't watched the greatest television series.
Boardwalk Empire
WilfredI didn't think I'd like it but I ran out of stuff that caught my interest on Netflix and decided to give it a whirl. Absolutely love it.Edit: Wanted to add Danger 5 , speaking of Australian shows
Banshee
Prison break.
Breaking bad
LOST, Archer, and The Venture Bros.
The Shield.
Gravity Falls!
BBC's Sherlock. If you're going to do a reimagining of a classic character pairing, you can't do any better than Cumberbatch and Freeman. I've rewatched the series at least 6 times.
Bloodline. Fuck it's so good
Breaking Bad, Sons of Anarchy, Better Call Saul
"Now the story of a wealthy family who lost everything, and the one son who had no choice but to keep them all together.   It's Arrested Development."
The Wire.
This is stupids late, but Pushing Daisies. I really missed that show.
The Sopranos. The intensity of the opening as Tony chases a man down and beats him fairly brutally, all the while with a look of amused pleasure on his face instantly intrigued me - I wanted to know more about him. Still one of my favourite series of all time.
silicon valley
The blacklist.. An amazing show and season 2&3 have been even better
Justified
Mr Robot. It was a slow burn, but introduced so much! Can't believe every thing was packed into the first episode, but nothing felt over crowded.
Futurama
Futurama.    "You stink, loser!"  "Hey, Fry. Pizza going out, CAM AAAAN!"
Southland
Sherlock, without a doubt
The Shield.
The Walking Dead
Rick and Morty, BITCHES!
Lost, Breaking Bad, Steins;Gate, Fringe, Futurama, Dexter... Wait, add Black Mirror to that. The first episode was pretty much the directors flipping the table and asking "are you ready? Well too late, shit's happening soon".
Dexter , I was very late to that party and didn't think it would live up to all the hype. As soon as I saw the first episode I was hooked
Orange Is The New Black and Leverage
The Goldbergs
Homeland
FlashForward. So disapointed when they didn't renew for a second season.
Archer
Prison break. Those tats!
Mr. Robot and Man in the high Castle
The Office. This show kept me going.That's what she said.
Breaking Bad,Black Books
Mr. Robot
Orange is the New Black
Broad city. The very first scene summed up Illana and Abbi's personalities perfectly. Using Lincoln for sex, scheduling when Abbi masturbates, Illana trying to act black even though she's a Jew, Abbi's wild side conflicting with her Mainline personality. Excellent
True Detective (first one)Peaky BlindersMarco PoloRick and MortyBand of BrothersNurse JackieVinyl
Breaking Bad. Hooked me immediately.I don't understand people who say the show started out slow. Are you fucking serious?
Suits, Justified, Mr. Robot, The Magicians, The Expanse
Better Call Saul
Daredevil, Jessica Jones, The Flash, Parks and Rec, and a few others
Silicon Valley
Daredevil
Steven Universe! "Oh, it's a cute show with cute magic bullshit okay... haha that's such a cute song about a space cat!... o-oh, he's a refugee from an interstellar war and he left his family behind. ; ^ ; How did a cute in-show commercial for ice cream so succinctly describe the plot of the actual show in less than 20 seconds? "
This is stupid late, but Pushing Daisies. I really miss that show.
Cutthroat Kitchen.
The Misfits
Parks and recreation... So fucking much
Newsrooms first five minutes had me hooked.
Lost.
Breaking bad, orange is the new black, marco polo, rome, rick and morty. /Thread
[deleted]
The one where a nuclear subrmarine gets an order to nuke Middle East, disobeys and claims an island as their own sanctuary.
Battlestar Galactica
Lost. But they lost me after season 4.
Malcolm in the Middle
Six Feet Under! And it only got better.
Grimm
House of Cards
Just started watching Farscape recently. It's becoming one of my favourite shows.
Vikings, Archer and Firefly.
Better Call Saul
Rick and Morty. Watched all of the first season one summer day.
Two. The first episode of Gurren Lagann, it was just so manly and awesome. And the first episode of Breaking Bad, just the intensity and the emotion it was perfect.
The Expanse. I don't generally like SyFy shows but they had the pilot on youtube for free for a little while. Hooked right from the start. Best show they've had on that channel ever imo. It's gonna be hard to wait for the next season.
Orphan Black. If I say one damn thing about it I will ruin the affect for you. It's better if you go in blind.
against public opinion: Parks and Recreation.also: Community and Modern Family.
Heroes.*Where does it come from? This quest, this need to solve life's mysteries when the simplest of questions can never be answered. Why are we here? What is the soul? Why do we dream? Perhaps we'd be better off not looking at all. Not delving, not yearning. That's not human nature. Not the human heart. That is not why we are here.*
Royal Pains
Once Upon a Time.
The Walking Dead, Firefly, Breaking Bad
Jane the Virgin
LOST. That plane crash was unreal.
Game of Thrones. I binged watched the rest of the season and then started on the books.
Silicon Valley. I started the pilot and couldn't stop watching until I had finished the first two seasons.
Peaky Blinders.
Community
Silicon Valley had a fucking brilliant Pilot episode
Utopia. The opening scene alone along with the soundtrack had me sucked in immediately
The West WingI loved the show right after those first few minutes before the opening credits.  The whole exchange between Sam and Laurie. Laurie: Tell your friend Potus he's got a funny name, and he should learn how to ride a bicycle.Sam: I would, but he's not my friend; he's my boss. It's not his name, it's his title.Laurie: POTUS?Sam: President of the United States. I'll call ya.And those opening credits start with that song, I love those open credits.  The West Wing is still one of my favorite shows.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia
Silicon valley
Lost.The walking dead
I can't believe no one has mentioned it yet!Black Sails is one of the best shows I've ever seen, if you haven't watched it yet, get on it, it only gets better.
Suits
Twin Peaks
The catch, its a new show but its really fun
[Utopia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01VGtX9xfh0)
Sons of Anarchy. Loved that show. Not sure here it ranks as far as pilots go, I don't watch a ton of shows, but the first few episodes of that show were incredible- followed by the first 2-3 seasons. I fell off after season 5 though, and never finished 6.
Louie
Longmire...saw the pilot and binge watched every season on netflix within a month
Space Dandy. He's a dandy guy... in space.
Eureka
Orphan Black
Letterkenny. It had me at the [opening scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rSBmOgpcDE)
Turn: Washington's Spies
Banshee.The fight scene In the bar was awesome.
BBC's Sherlock. I'm a huge fan of ACD's original books, but no adaptation for film or TV had ever really done it for me. Then Sherlock came around and just hit all the right notes. Using the original stories, but tweaking them just enough that they are believable in a modern world. There were plenty of little winks to the old books, and easter eggs for other Holmes adaptations. Cumberbatch nailed Sherlock's mannerisms, and Freeman's Watson, as an inversion of the "war hero" from the novels, is so great. The chemistry of the actors, the script, it's all so good. From day one, I was on board.
LOST. I had borrowed the first 4 episodes from a friend with me on a weekend trip to a summer house. I watched them in one go, and afterwards I told my dad I had to go to the nearby town, and look for the rest of the season. I found it in an old Blockbuster ish kind of shop, bought it, and binged it over the next two days (Saturday and Sunday morning/afternoon).
Dexter. It caught me with the serial killer stalking, the interior monologues, the whole show is just really well done.
Total Drama
Dragon ball Z
Seinfeld, Sopranos, Breaking Bad
Supernatural, Brooklyn 99 and Firefly.
Peaky blinders.I'm a fan of historical fiction anyway, then add in the great production values, intriguing characters and good acting (a few accents not withstanding), and it's really everything I'd want in a show
Game of Thrones
Lucifer. Yes, I know it isn't entirely true to the characters in Neil Gaiman's Sandman series. I also know that the female lead is slightly ( okay very) annoying, but I'll be damned if Tom Ellis doesn't nail the pretty/playboy/evil with a snarky dialogue to go with it.
The bbcs Luther,Idris Elba and the actress that plays Alice have such good on screen chemistry
Rick and Morty.
The Americans. The 80s! Soviet spies! Washington DC! Felicity! And from the first moment, you couldn't quite be sure who was Russian and who was American. It's very well-written, and even though I thought the third season started to lose steam, the fourth season has MORE than made up for it.I'm constantly amazed that it doesn't do better in the ratings.
*Axis Powers Hetalia.*
* NCIS* House* Agatha Christie's: Hercule Poirot* Heroic Age (if anime counts in this thread)* Firefly * Lie to Me* The Finder
Rick and Morty! Rick and Morty forever!!Rickandmorty.com ...
White collar. Thought it was awesome
I thought Lost had a great pilot. Game of Thrones had me hooked. Arrested Development was great.
The newest Battlestar Galactica, when that blonde leaned in to coo at the baby but then broke its neck, holy moly I was hooked.
Grimm
How have I not seen The West Wing listed yet?! Flawless first episode. Fully formed from the start.
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
House of Cards.
oban star racersproper quality animated series and vastly underrated
Mr. Robot got me from the opening monologue.
Continuum and Jericho. Both great shows.
Dexter.
Big Bang Theory. Daredevil. Jessica Jones. Flash. Arrow How I Met Your Mother
Game of Thrones, The Sopranos, Weeds, and Black Sails.
Vinyl
Miami Vice. A revolutionary pilot that doubles as a movie. And it gives us [this brilliant scene](https://youtu.be/CHPf8AIobtE).
Attack on Titan.
united states of tara
Utopia. (the channel 4 show, not the shitty fox reality show)
Orange is the new black. So many titties!!
Fargo. Brilliant pilot!
Blacklist
Mr. Robot
Attack on Titan, Archer, and Black Books
Making a Murderer
[removed]
hey arnold.
No longer showing but Kyle XY had a awesome pilot!
Game of Thrones, Archer, Betas(it's a less shitty Silicon Valley that didn't get renewed for a second season), Hung, Alpha House, Veep, and True Blood(it always had me hoping Sookie would die so I kept watching...and Eric Northman was a factor).
Double Rush, a 90s sitcom about bike messengers. Sadly I haven't been able to locate more than the pilot so far.
Deutschland 83.
Agents of SHIELD
Family Guy, I laughed hard from the moment when the Coyote told Peter to keep going after running over something with the car.
Lucifer
Aaron Sorkin's The Newroom. The pilot was so good I watched its decline in quality over the next 3 seasons.
Wentworth. Next week is season 4 :D
The L Word
The Lexx. Actually, it had me hooked in the first minutes.
Neon Genesis Evangelion, Attack on Titan and Claymore
11.22.63
Spartacus
BBC News
The 100.
no love for Twin Peaks here ?Holy shit that pilot was awesome, still my favorite show
Homicide, Life on the Street
Does Mythbusters count?
Lucifer
Jessica Jones. Good stuff.
Prison Break and Breaking Bad for sure.GoT and TWD were great too but wasn't hooked for a few more episodes.
well guess :D
Sherlock
It's always sunny in Philadelphia
Not a TV show, but Spine Chillers Web Series hooked me.
Vikings. Instantly fell for all the characters.
How I Met Your Mother, Flashpoint, and Arrow
Put off watching Californication for a very long time, Netflix description made it seem like a shitty version of weeds which is irony in itself because weeds became a shitty version of itself later on. Had nothing to watch one night and had just finished a longterm binge of a more serious show and needed something mindless to watch.. . .Was hooked from the moment his daughter walked in the room and we got this pleasant exchange:Becca: Father?Hank Moody: Daughter?Becca: Can I ask you something?Hank Moody: Anything, my love.Becca: Why is there a naked lady in your bedroom?Hank Moody: You wait right there okay?Becca: There's no hair on her vagina. Do you think she's ok?Hank Moody: I'll check.Burned through the entire thing expecting a mindless comedy but really got a deep human experience disguised as a mindless comedy.
Definitely The Orange Country :v
Nurse Jackie. The way they revealed everything about her was so brilliant and, although I knew what the show was about, still unexpected.
Jericho and Rescue Me.
The Mentalist
Orphan Black
Person of Interest grabbed me straight away, I just knew it was going to be awesome. Especially finding out that Jonathan Nolan was in charge.
Penny Dreadful
Deadwood
Scrubs
The 4400.  It fizzled at the end but the first season was spectacular.
Easily one of the best show openings.
Fringe, indeed. I have a soft spot for Sci-Fi mystery arcs. Another show that got me hooked instantly, was FlashForward. The entire season of it was intense - Why did it have to stop??  =(
Had me hooked until the last season. I just couldn't finish it.
Yup. I was an amazing show, and I still try and watch the whole series annually. Just an excellent show. Since episode 1, I made sure to watch every episode after that. Although - during a rewatch, my wife and I noticed that we missed one during season 1. No idea how we missed it, but we did. We were getting ready for season 3, I believe, and watching 1 & 2 on Blu-ray. Got to that one, and we both saw it for the first time. Such an amazing show. Easily one of my favorite shows, if not my #1.
"I have the worst fucking attorney..."
IDK, the raptor really threw me
Season 1 of Suits was so fucking good.
I wish they used Mike's talent more often in the later seasons though. Let's see how it helps him where he's going.
Came here to say this. Suits has one of the greatest pilots I've ever seen.
That was good, but that hook at the end...".......then start asking the right fucking questions."*That* is where I was sold.
Psychosphere, not psycho's fear
Don't say any of that stuff at dinner....of course, I'm not a psycho.
That's what came to mind first for me too. They allude to so much without revealing too much, and the performances are incredible.
Boy oh boy how bout season 2?
I could watch an entire episode that only consisted of them in a car together talking.  Fuck those 2 had chemistry.
All of Rust's best dialogue and philosophy was plagiarized from author Thomas Ligotti. https://lovecraftzine.com/2014/08/04/did-the-writer-of-true-detective-plagiarize-thomas-ligotti-and-others/
"If the only thing keeping a person decent is the expectation of divine reward, then brother that person is a piece of shit; and I'd like to get as many of them out in the open as possible."
Definitely this one. The episode where Wilson is in House's apartment and House is going along with the treatment for Wilson's cancer is just the perfect episode. Sadness, love, humour, and friendship. It showed just how deep House was.
Favorite show right from the start
Gotta agree, made me into a doctor. Literally.
I am still bummed that it's not coming back.
I love Jeff Daniels. He was absolutely perfect for the part of Will.
I never watched much of it, but my god was that opening scene amazing. You should put a link so everyone can see that.
While that is an incredible opening scene, I've seen it posted on FB way too much, so now it's kind of ruined.
There were several that I loved.  The scene where they didn't screw the story about Gabi Giffords, Don Keefer and Flight Attendant Crazy-lady, so many more.
I've always wanted to see that, I've always had it recommended to me by friends, and yet this was the first time I've ever had a chance to see it myself. Hooked, and currently streaming it now! Thanks for the post!
Space Pilot 3000, however, I do agree that is was a great pilot.
The opening dialog had me:Hello, friend. Hello, friend. That's lame. Maybe I should give you a name. But that's a slippery slope. You're only in my head. We have to remember that.
i avoided it because it seemed like a generic hacker show, typical hollywood dumb hacker shit, yesterday i decided to give ep1 a fair try... watching the whole thing now.
have an upvote :D
Seconding this. The first episode felt like a movie rather that a TV show. Everything was great, the dialogs, the pacing, the shots, the acting, the ending leaves with a great cliffhanger
Yes. Cillian Murphy just owns the show. So good. Series 3 is starting this week and I am beyond excited!
Going to have to give this a proper go, watched a bit of the first 2 seasons and liked it, I really like Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy.
Shit, I've been so into the show that I've watched the entire first three seasons in the past month. Fallen far behind on every other show just so I could get caught up in OB. I just can't get over how well Tatiana Maslany can play so many distinctly different roles to perfection
Yeah, The ad for orphan black before it aired was the platform scene. I decided to watch it after watching that ad.
5 minutes was all it took.
> There are two kinds of pain. The sort of pain that makes you strong, or useless pain. The sort of pain that's only suffering. I have no patience for useless things.
The first minute sold it for me.There, no more pain.
#FU 2016!
Just came here to say that David Fincher directed both the Pilot and the second episode.
That's because it wasn't technically a pilot. They didn't have to "test the waters." Netflix greenlit 13 episodes off the bat.
Ah. The beginning of my most epic Netflix binge ever.
>We got work to do.
You know that's right....
[deleted]
C'mon son...
I didn't think the pilot was that good, I mean, he crashed the plane :)^^I ^^know ^^it ^^wasn't ^^really ^^pilot ^^error, ^^it ^^was ^^a ^^lame ^^joke, ^^sorry
The only season I really hated was the third one. I feel like a lot of the seasons maintained the mystery and intrigue that kept me wanting to watch for most of the other seasons
Pretty people, in a pretty place, in distress with a monster in the jungle. Just enough insight into the characters to engage your curiosity but not feed it & a big ol' plane crash to boot.THAT is like, I think, the most perfect pilot ever.
They blew a lot of money into this episode. Infact so much, [the network president Loyd Braun was fired for greenlighting the episode.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lloyd_Braun#American_Broadcasting_Company)
I know, it started off so good. Then they just had way too many mysteries and unanswered questions they themselves even got lost by how it ended lol
I remember first hearing "The Monster." I thought I knew for sure that it was a dinosaur.Boy was I wrong.
And the final episode was worst final episode.
"What are you losers doing on my street?" "We're kind of here to beat you up"
Freaks and Geeks had me from the opening *line.* "Sam Weir. You sure do love Bill Murray, don't you."
I always saw ads for this show on USA and thought it looked kinda lame. One day I for some reason I watched the pilot on Netflix and was instantly hooked. I couldn't get enough of that show. Easily one of the best pilot episodes, IMO.
[deleted]
I don't think I've ever seen better fight scenes in any other TV show.  Eastern martial arts films sure, but nothing on TV comes close.  And the raw brutality that Netflix is weaving into their corner of the MCU is a perfect contrast to the way the movies just gloss over the massive death toll in many of them.
Killgrave man, Tennant is so perfectly cast.
Can I ask what appealed to you about it? I watched like 4-5 episodes and could not get into it. Like I just don't care about any of the characters or what happens to them for some reason
The ending of the first episode was one of the most WTF moments I have ever had. It made me physically ill and I had trouble thinking of anything else for the next few hours. It really fucked with me. Such a great show.
I'm the opposite.  Watched the first ep and never wanted to watch the show again.
Yes, Game of Thrones completely.  Watched the first episode as it aired and thought "this is something I could get into".  Probably helped that I'd tried and failed to get into Spartacus the day before.
Probably one of the most well crafted first episodes too. It introduced so many characters, it was exciting and tense, and there's still plot threads from that first episode 6 seasons later.
The beheading of the deserter got me hooked.
The way the first episode ended, I was like "I can't believe they just did that!" and I had to keep watching to see what would happen next.
I had a weird experience with GoT .  Watched the first episode and they sold it to me as a weird fantasy winter zombie dragon show and I was like alright cool whatevs .Then the rest of Season 1 happened and I was very confused as to where all the cool shit was , I didn't REALLY get into it until after 3-4 episodes in when I realized it was more of a political/kingdom/whatever story with fantasy elements in it.
Yes!!! Warehouse 13 was such a consistently good, imaginative, compelling show. It's a shame it had to end after only four fabulous seasons.
"Jesu Christ, Archer! Do you think this is a game?" "No, I think Jenga's a game." "What if I had been real KGB?" "Then I'd assume you'd be trying to suck a promotion out of some Russian guys cock."
I knew that my ex and I weren't meant to be when he told me that I was stupid for watching cartoons for entertainment.
My housemate watched the fucking pilot where the entire time he was a dinosaur and thought that was the show. She was very confused when I was telling her how good the show was.
Oh god, if you haven't watched this damn show, it's on Netflix. GET ON IT.
There is not a single episode or character that I do not like in this show.
The pilot was good but it was the first Halloween episode that hooked me
Halt and Catch Fire was great. I didn't even know it got cancelled. I'm so bad at watching TV.
For only 4 seasons it 's a great show!
Greatest show ever.
Scrubs is great like really great but it took me about 4-5 episode to start liking the characters and a full season to really get into it.
Same here.  I thought it was a good show until the very end where Mal is offering the tattooed guy back the money and I'm thinking "Uggh.  Cliched introduction of main bad guy who will be chasing Serenity all season long.  How utterly predictable."The Mal kicks him through the fucking jet engine!  Instantly sold.
We are just too pretty for God to let us die.
Came here to find this. *Never* has a show hooked me so quickly. I immediately watched all the episodes and Serenity
What I love about this show are all the pop culture references and easter eggs, like the airbrushed Tilda Swinton in the back of Mikey's truck.
Yes!
I just started this show and I can't get enough.
I don't know if it's just me, but I can't get past how stupid this show seems to be. I watched the first 3 episodes just to be sure it wasn't just the pilot, but I can't bring myself to like this show.The plot is just kinda, dumb.
I wanted to say that because there's no show I've watched more. But I remember it took me 6 or 7 episodes to really get into it.
DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO! MY WHOLE BRAIN IS CRYING!
"Troy and Abed in the morning!"
That pilot was freaking incredible, too. I don't see how fans of the show took a few episodes to get into it. The comedic timing and chemistry are there throughout the episode.
How many other shows have a pilot that is a homage to something else? Like, none.Having your pilot be a homage to the Breakfast Club is a pretty bold move.
It's okay to shoot them, Morty. They're just robots.
The pilot did not sit to well with me and I did not bother to watch more episodes after. The thing that put me of the most was actually  all the burping, it got very annoying to listin to all the time. But since the reddit hype was so big I gave it a new chance later on and after three episodes I was absolutely hooked! Its now one of my favourite series.
I loved everything about it when I saw the pilot for the first time, I immediately knew it was the show for me.
I knew this would be here and I have to disagree.  I'm not saying the pilot was horrible but it was just interesting enough that I said, "Fuck it, I'll watch another I'm bored."  The pilot left me with the feeling of one of those Adult Swim shows that tries to be weird.  These shows are either great or meh so I watched another.  However I was hooked after the second episode Lawnmower Dog and knew this was a show for me.
This and Spartacus!
Have you seen the original Danish version of *The Killing*? It's a very similar sort of "slow dread" build-up (and directly influenced the making of *Broadchurch*).
[So what, no fuckin' ziti now?](https://youtu.be/QQXx8z0ERbQ?t=15s)
So say we all
Agreed! Frackin' cylons keeping everybody awake!
So say we all.
Breaking Bad got me after the first episode, but the next couple ones started to turn me off of it
Funny, since most fans of the 100 seem to hate the first 3-4 episodes of the show. But yeah. I personally also absolutely love that show.
That is actually considered one of the best episodes of the entire series.
Largely the same for me, though my first episodes were The Boiling Rock two parter.
A friend loaned me season 1 on disc and I put it off, not really interested in another long series, and I wasn't big on the style. Took it over to a friend's house when we had nothing to do one night, and sat down at watched a few. We're ending episode 8, my friend says "Guys, I gotta hit the sack, I can't keep my eyes open anymore." I realize it's 1am, but I'm like "WE CAN'T STOP NOW!!!!"
I watched the last episode first... And then immediately had to watch the rest of the series so I could figure out what the fuck was happening.
The pilot ep of AoT was good but Battle of Trost is what sold me on what has become my favorite anime of the last 10 years.
Fuck yeah Vikings!
AoT season 2 is this year!
See, the pilot for that (AoT) actually turned me off of the show (granted, I was drunk at the time). I eventually came back and continued after and enjoyed the series but that first episode was harsh and depressing.
Despite the issues the rest of the show has, the pilot was damn impressive.
Gimme a hell!
I was hooked as well because of how Ross was everything the firm was not and he still fit in. It's a shame he became one of them, but just with some higher moral standards. It's just a show about lawyers now, not about a guy who has this incredible gift and gets ahead because of it.
I literally stopped watching it mid episode because of how ridiculous it was. The mock trial over the car was the final nail in the coffin for me.
Banshee needs more love, I absolutely love Job, he is bloody hilarious
every episode has my anxiety through the roof
Yes! The first season just pulled you right in, it was awesome!
For me it was the second episode when the bath falls through the floor. Best moment of the entire first season.
best opening episode ever. a bit gutted about how low on the list this is.
This show doesn't get enough love.
The one-shot episode just recently got added to Netflix!
I'm sad that I found this so far down. The pilot of The Wire is masterful.
1. 'Leave the fucking cheese here, alright? I love fucking cheese at my feet. I stick motherfucking provolone in my socks at night so they smell like your sister's crotch in the morning. Now leave the fucking cocksucking cheese where it is! Here, here, here'2. 'You're not gonna believe this. The guy killed 16 Czechoslovakians. Guy was an interior decorator' - 'His house looks like shit'3. 'It's an idea, I don't know. Who knows where it fucking came from? Isaac Newton invented gravity because some asshole hit him with an apple.'
You just brought piss to a shit fight!
yyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh
Leverage
the pilot immediately just sucked me into that whole world. I love that show so much!
As /u/fuelvolts sat and contemplated the tardiness of his initial reply, he knew what was on his mind needed to be said. Because the facts were these: Reddit doesn't care, and Pushing Daisies was an amazing show regardless of what anyone else thought.
I ate so much pie while I was watching that show. After every episode I just craved pie.
From the pilot?
I loved it all the way through. Never got on the whole, "and then it all went to shit" bandwagon, I think the entire thing is an absolute masterpiece of modern television.  But then, I think all the Matrix movies are perfect, so you probably shouldn't listen to me.Now Battlestar Galactica? *That's* a show they drove right into the ground in the last season. :(
Agreed. Too bad the rest of the show sucked...
I love the Better Call Saul pilot, but the next couple of episodes we kind of boring for me
lol, the hbo secret ingredient?
Even at it's worst, it was still better than 90 percent of the crap on TV so I was happy with the second and third seasons.
Great show, but that monologue in the last episode sucked a bit.
Great first season, but when I lost track of the clones, I stopped caring.
Then the guitar riff starts up and bam, perfect ending
Except the second season sucked
yeah i know but marty said a psychos fear, which highlights the contrast of the characters. it was written so well
My god sooooo many amazing quotes "The world needs bad men to keep the others from the door"
Deep house.
The most wrenching part of that episode for me was when House started giving Wilson his personal Vicodin. Wilson asks if he has enough for himself, clearly worried about House's addiction despite being in agony from the treatment. House just says something like, "We have plenty, there's tons stashed around this place."Then House goes into the kitchen and empties a single pill bottle on the counter with ~5 or 6 pills, with an expression of deep concern and worry.From what we knew about House leading up to that, giving away the last of his stash was a huge thing.
Good idea. I put the link in.
Oops. Thanks, fixed.
They actually address that by making fun of the movie "Hackers" in the show.And while the hacking itself is of course very pretty, a lot of it is as accurate as a show can reproduce.  Everything from the social engineering to the random USB drive dumps and exploiting poor systems is in there.
its so amazing because when you are watching it isn't obvious that Maslany is playing each one. They each become their own separate character so much that you can easily tell if one clone is acting as another
Poor dog
I literally told my friend whom I was watching with, "oh I'm hooked" the moment he looked up and gave that speech
I've heard it both ways
That's a players line, Sean.
The third season was like that because of the writers strike. That's why they spent all that time on the other island and in the cages.
The last half of that season was awesome tho
I was the same. Sometimes it gets cheesy but it's a pretty good show overall.
word to the wise, If it has Bruce Campbell cast in it then it's probably a good show.
Hell yeah, Way more violent and I never read the comics but the character development for the Punisher was just great!
Spoilers ahead, obviously.[I'm worried I'm not going to like season 2 anywhere near as much as season 1, since he was](/spoiler)[killed off. He was my favorite part of the show.](/spoiler)
I wasnt really into the beginning, but when David Tennant came in, the show got more thrilling on a psychological level. There was solid twists that happened too.
I think the thing that fucked with me most was the "for every year you left me alone, stab yourself" bit. *shivers*
I hope you eventually gave Spartacus another try.  It's the opposite of this question: the first three episodes aren't very good, but it becomes great at around episode 4.
> Probably helped that I'd tried and failed to get into Spartacus the day before.Spartacus starts out with a first two or three episodes of what feels like cheap, shallow schlock; then quickly turns into one of the best series that's been on television in recent years.You should give it another shot.  Just hold your nose for the first couple episodes.  Don't skip them, because even though it doesn't seem like it at the time, they're laying the groundwork for the greatness that follows.
Weird as hell to watch it after you've seen through season 4. It's like an entirely different show.
four? I thought there were five
Good call.
My SO is from a developing country and wondered why i watch tv shows for children. I sat him down and showed him Archer and then he realized almost none of the cartoons I watch are for children.
I watched that pilot too and was disappointed that episode 2 didn't have the dino-archer.
Lots of twists and turns? Are there some jaw dropping moments?
"Did you really alpha me? Or did I beta you into helping me?" -Boyle
"My work colleagues think my name is Rosa Diaz"  "Yeah, wait what?"
"Wuntch time is over!"
I've never really thought about it, but you're right, every single character on the show is great.
It didn't get cancelled, I was just half asleep typing my comment. Season 3 is actually in the process of getting made right now.
I really wish it had continued after Trinity.  It seemed like the show had found a great stride and balance.
Maybe, but I really like how ...light? this show is. I mean you can watch it and laugh at the cheesy bits and not have to think that much about anything really.
Agreed. I had to watch four or five episodes before I really became invested into the show. I think it was a combination of the Dead Poets Society accounting class and the Debate episode."I shall have... A BIRTHDAY CAKE!"
It's funny to go back to, especially Britta! She was so much more of a bland and stereotypical 'attractive female' character. I'm glad they changed her.
The first episode definitely didn't draw me in, I had to come back later after people said it was good.
The part where they're all sitting on the steps after Jeff's found out his test answers are blank, and they're making all these weird signs and hand motions behind him, and Abed's just like "what's going on, am I deaf?"That was the moment I fell in love with that show.
"GLEN"S BLEEDING OUT!  SOMEONE CALL HIS WIFE AND CHILDREN!"  "I THOUGHT YOU SAID THEY WERE ROBOTS!"  "I-i-it's a figure of speech, Morty!"
I agree, the burping is incredibly annoying and almost ruined the show for me as well.
Yeah, I watched the pilot when it came out, and disliked it so much that I didn't watch the rest of the series until almost a year later.
I hated the first episode as well.  I remember calling my buddy and telling him I didn't enjoy it and he told me to stick with it.  Took another couple of episodes but they hit their stride pretty early on luckily.
My mate and I find ourselves quoting it daily.
I agree. I wasn't a huge fan of the pilot, but technically the first episode I saw was the simulation aliens one, which hooked me instantly. I always thought that Lawnmower Dog was the perfect first episode and should have been the pilot, but I understand designing a TV show doesn't always work that way. But the episode is a great example of the R&M formula: take a sci-fi concept (dream inception, intelligent animals) and extrapolate it until it's something absurd and unique.Also, I love Scary Terry.
Where are my testicles, Summer?
Let's call a spade a spade, the pilot was horrible. I love the series but I feel that the pilot is an awful representation of what's to come.
I endured through the first episode, because I had seen the butter bot clip on Reddit and saw the Mr. Meeseeks episode first.The number of casual existential crises that the show throws at the viewer just hooked me.  If I'd only seen the first episode, I probably wouldn't have kept watching.
Oh my. I had not heard of Forbrydelsen. I've just watched a few trailers and my interest is piqued. I'll have to find a good way to watch the series in the States. Thank you ever so much for pointing out this series!
FRACK
Interesting. I watched the first 3 episodes a year ago and then stopped. Maybe I should give it another shot.
I didn't like the first season. If I didn't like the first season, any chance you think I'd like the rest?
I agree, but it's not an episode that's very indicative of the rest of the series, since the main characters are all absent, except for Zuko of course, and it's a bit heavier and darker than most other episodes.
will check that one out :)
I know xxD HYPE
I understand how you can feel like that. Although I think the first episode was still a lot more captivating then most other anime's. I acctually loved that first bit. It was heavvy, emomtional and epic. Love that show
Aw man, whenever Michael or crew were nearly caught or something fucked up, I physically felt bad and nervous as if im gonna get busted too.
I loved the show from the first episode, but I was completely hooked and knew the show was something special in the first series when he was putting the pieces of the plate back together.Gives me chills just thinking about that scene now.
"Fuckin' expresso, cappuccino. We invented this shit and all these other cocksuckers are gettin' rich off it."Paulie is so upset about Italian culture being stolen, and he can't even pronounce "Espresso" correctly.
Pine Barrens.
it looks like a guy sucking a dick, which has another smaller dick stuck behind his ear for later. like a snack dick
Leverage gives me such a justice boner.
I found it quite fascinating, but one season was just enough.
Oh man, I never picked that up. Always thought he said psychosphere too
Hell yeah!Rustin Cohle: Look, I'd consider myself a realist, all right? But in philosophical terms I'm what's called a pessimist. Martin Hart: Uh, okay, what's 'at mean? Rustin Cohle: Means I'm bad at parties. Martin Hart: Heh. Lemme tell ya, you ain't great outside-a parties, either.
Road house.
unz unz unz
Oh gosh, I just saw the episode where Cosima had to pretend to be Allison. Maslany is fucking fantastic.And not just Maslany though. Ari does a great job playing al the Castor boys, especially towards the end of S3 (haven't started 4 yet)
at least he put it out of its misery...
I'm ~~Shaun~~ Shawn spencer, and this is my associate, Ovaltine Jenkins.Edit: I'm a filthy casual
Yeah I know... I realized that something was seriously up once I saw the episode where jack is in China (I think) and he meets that obvious prostitute who actually ends up being a fortune-telling tattoo artist... I almost stopped at that point.
Honestly I always liked the way the show narrates what the characters are doing and take the time to explain the more intricate stuff. It was usually pretty interesting for that reason alone.
I'm hopeful. I imagine it'll focus more on how Jessica got her powers, and I'm hopeful that we'll get Hellcat.
Feel the same way. He was truly brilliant and I think made the show
Did you try reading Alias? I don't want to spoil the events in it for you, but there's a lot of cool stuff you can explore with Jessica Jones aside from what you're talking about (on phone, don't know how to spoiler tag). Regardless, it's a bloody great read. One of the best comic series I've ever read (I have read a lot)
Spartacus is the kind of series where you need to get attached to the characters and it takes a while.
The 100 is another show that is like that. At around the end of episode 3 to episode 4 the show starts to pick itself up. I advise anyone who gave up after the first 1-3 episodes to give it another try. Its a pretty dark sci-fi show with survival and morally gray themes.
I cant decide if Spartacus had the most terrible actors of all time or just the worst script writing of all time.  Just a shame to waste such potential.
There was a direct callback/near recreation of a scene in S1E1 in the most recent episode S6E2. I actually think the pilot does a good job of pointing out that we're starting in uncommonly "good" times.
I dont even know why watching shows for children is bad. Sure some are dumb, but others are still heartfelt or provide a cool source of entertaiment. Young justice,steven univers, gravity falls, and adventure time come to mind  in regard to recent years.
Yes. That and James Spader is such a fantastic actor and really helps make the show.
Yes. This show will literally keep you on the edge of your seat the whole episode and especially with the end of every episode, I swear on my life lol. Very, very, very well thought-out episodes that are just simply awesome!
You mean English class, right?
I was honestly in love with it in the first scene, when Jim Rash is being Jim Rash and the rest of the cast is reacting to his speech.
"They're *bureaucrats*, Morty! I don't respect them!"
"Well excuse me that I don't fit into your confor-*uuurrp*-mist ideals of what a person should or shouldn't sound like, beautifulpoop. I didn't realize I was making -*urrrp*- making this show for, you know, just for you, the special snowflake that you -*uuurr*-are" -Rick Sanchez
The burping actually gets less and less prominent throughout the show and is pretty much gone by season 2. Fun fact about that, Justin Roiland stopped doing it because he was really bad at burping on cue, and had to drink a watered down beer while he recorded to get him through it!
My man!
Fracking toaster.
Yes. Please give it another shot.
It gets better as the seasons go on.They get away from the teen angsty shit, a bit, as time goes on. It IS the CW, so it's gonna remain, sadly. But the latest season, I'm only maybe 1/3rd through it, has gotten to be pretty great... (if you can forgive some OBVIOUSLY stupid choices that the characters make to push the plot forward).
Hmm, I personally think it gets better and better, but to be fair, I really liked the first season as well, so I don't know how much you'd like it.
It's just episodes 5 and 6 of AoT. When the Survey Corps rookies get their first action. I have never been so invested in a show in my life.
Boku no Hero Academia though. GO. WATCH IT NAO.
Yep, that's the point where I got hooked as well.
The first few episode worked, but after a while, when people started traveling to mainland USA as if it was nothing, it just got ridiculous.I did like, though, that the captain wasn't a clear cut good guy, he was borderline megalomania or sociopath or something (I'm not qualified to diagnose him, but something was wrong in his head).
That too
If he hadn't done it, a vet would have a few hours later.
I'm psychic detective Shawn Spencer, and this my partner: MC Clap-yo-hands
It's Shawn you filthy casual.
I skipped that episode didn't watch it at all.
Agreed. I think the narration is really what kept me watching when I didn't like the acting.
Spader has consumed the role of Red to the point where I cant see him as anything else any more.
Oh my god the suspense is killing me.
You've convinced me. This is a big moment for me because I haven't felt excited about watching S01E01 of a TV show in many months! Thanks.
What do you mean, Paradigm240? No, I mean Accounting class... with Professor Whitman. What English class do you mean?
[Deleted]
Dean Pelton is one of the best parts of Community for me. He doesn't appear a hell of a lot, but I have *never* not laughed at one of his scenes."I need you to reprint these posters.""Uh, we printed 5 000 of them...""Well print me 5 000 more, I'm trying to *save the planet here*!"
Perfect. I fucking love the burping and hope the show doesn't change it for a few people that don't seem to like it.
Holy crap I could not help but reading this in Rick's voice. Well done.
A friend told me this when I was on Season 1. Luckily for my interest in the show, you and him were both right.
Second this. I haven't cared for a character more than one of the characters on this show and I've seen GoT, TwD, Lost, etc.
Thank you
When watching Age of Ultron I couldn't help thinking it was just Red voicing a robot. And it was great.
Before I ran out of episodes, I used to binge watch the hell out of that show every night; a good 5-6 episodes straight.
Community college isn't this whimsical, but it is this disappointing. Which is why the show clicks with me. I totally get the characters and their situations.
We like it in the show now. The pilot had an excessive amount.
Haha yes absolutely this.   There was even a point where Ultron did something with his mouth,  which was identical to one of Reds facial mannerisms.
