The disrespect
they were paying more attention to the game than most people in that stadium at that point
I think he meant the disrespect of referring to LeBron's crew as a posse
The Cavs need a bigger challenge. [*"Assemble your crew.."*](https://media.giphy.com/media/3o6ZsUliail22to78A/giphy.gif)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Breakfast_Can_Wait
The Old English word for dinner, *disner*, means to break a fast, and was the first meal eaten in the day until its meaning shifted in the mid-13th century. It was not until the 15th century that *breakfast* came into use in written English to describe a morning meal, which literally means to break the fasting period of the prior night; in Old English the term was *morgenmete* meaning "morning meal."
I'd like to subscribe to mealtime facts
###Thank you for subscribing to Mealtime Facts!---Did you know that if you don't eat, you'll starve to death?*To unsubscribe, simply reply with the message "verhungern"*
Would you mind explaining to me why this term is so disrespectful? I heard the controversy this morning and don't understand why it's such a big deal.
The media blowing shit out of proportion
LeBron and his posse blew it out of proportion. Media ran with it.
I'm not sure why this has become so controversial, it seems pretty straight forward and reasonable to me. Here's how I interpret the situation:Phil made a comment about Pat Riley having to handle LeBron and his posse needing special treatment. LeBron and those who felt they were being referred to as his 'posse' took offense to those comments and the word choice in particular -- as they feel disrespected as that label undermines the success they've had and incorrectly characterizes the people around LeBron. There is a negative connotation associated to the word 'posse' which I feel is evident in the context of Phil's quote, as he is clearly referring to their behavior as less than ideal. Further, Phil even defines the word 'posse' as he uses it in one of his books as (on mobile, so paraphrasing) 'the guys who hang around a player to fetch cars and girls.' Obviously, that is a common thing among young professional athletes, however it incorrectly characterizes the way LeBron has carried himself off the court his entire career. LeBron has helped to put Maverick Carter and Rich Paul in positions to become successful businessmen in their own right. The group deserves to be praised for their achievements and their ability to do it the 'right' way, and are in the right to be offended when referred to as a 'posse' -- especially by someone like Phil Jackson who should point to LeBron as a role model for his own players. I feel as though the racial element to this controversy has been blown out of proportion, though I think there is racial undertone however it shouldn't be the focal point of the discussion by any means. It seemed to be more of an afterthought in LeBron's comments, and I certainly didn't take it as LeBron calling Phil racist. I don't think Phil's comments were racially motivated or that he is racist, however I do think it's worth considering whether he would refer to a successful white player and his business associates as a 'posse' -- though even if he would, such comments would be disrespect to a white player and his associates all the same. I believe the real reason this has become such a big controversy is that LeBron is the face of the changing  power balance in the league, the players are taking power away from owners and executives. This power struggle, I think, is the motivation on both sides.
I think to them it felt like a pat on the head. Like he, his family, and his business associates weren't being taken seriously. I've been trying to figure this out for a week.
I thought it was sarcastic since they were doing it in front of Phil
Skip Bayless: "I've said it time and again, Lebron James is the most mentally weak superstar I've ever seen! In the biggest moments, the chosen one becomes the FRO-ZEN one! He is aging and can no longer rely on that ultra-athleticism that blind Lebron worshippers love so dearly. If he cannot master the water bottle flip challenge, how can we expect him to master a fourth ring?"
You're missing a "Ray allen saved LeBron's career" and "My Spurs" in there somewhere.
Mah Cowboyzzz.
Oh yeah that.
You treat the Cowboys like their your keeds.
The greatest shot in the history that saved Lebron's legacy.But that shot only tied it. He still showed up in OT.Well by then my Spurs were tired so it was pretty much over.....
You missed the "Ray Allen hitting the biggest clutch shot I've ever seen"
M'Spurs *tips cowboy hat*
Spot on. I read this in Skip's voice, and even though he didn't say it, it sounded so much like something he would say that I hate him just a little more.
I want to punch you in the face. Bravo sir.
Would be funny if Lebron through it further and further out. Ends up hitting Melo.
Noah, you mean.
I think tonight's game was a metaphorical water bottle thrown in Noah's face by LeBron
threw
Throo
true
troo
TWO CHAINZZZZ
Worse than getting dunked on
Gotta keep up with the Warriors in both basketball *and* bench disrespect.
That water bottle had a family!
Frye not participating :(
The Knicks deserve it
they showed replays of this lmao
In slow motion
ESPN TOP 10 PLAYS FORSURE
We know damn well if one of them landed it that would be like #7.
Clutch Kyrie did hit one
[Phil's face when POSSE](http://a.espncdn.com/photo/2010/0125/nba_g_jackson_576.jpg)
Easily #1. That SHIT hard
As someone who works for ESPN, I can *promise* you that we get just as bored during blowouts as you do. Blowouts mean we get to put frankly stupid shit on the air and actually have some fun!
What does LeBron think about what ESPN's employees commenting on Reddit about blowouts that he is involved in? Stay tuned for all of that, and more, at 10 on SportsCenter!
this is perfect for sportsnation (in my opinion, one of the few great shows on espn left) more than it does sportscenter
Not a super high amount of games last night, but they showed this at 7:13 AM on sportscenter this morning. It was literally one of the first stories. They were advertising it on their sidebar as upcoming stories. Unbelievable.
the Lebron dive was hilarious hahaha
"Shit, gotta get that before I get a tech"
I love how [Kyrie](http://i.imgur.com/KsCE411.jpg) acts like he doesn't want any part of it anymore once the bottle goes on the court.
So many memories of high school when the one kid takes it too far. Fitting that this time its Lebron.
That's that typical "teacher's pet" syndrome.You're all cool and shit, playing grab ass with your boys until Ms. Jodi steps back into the classroom, and there you are, teleporting yourself back into your seat with your hands clasped like you've been sitting there for the past fifteen minutes.
Not sure how things work in Rip City, but I always played grab ass with girls not my boys.
U too cool to grab your homies ass??
smh people these days up on their high horses
Slapass
"I don't approve of these shenanigans, Sir"
Lebellyflop
LeDive
TT reacting like a black man watching a magic trick.
Bruh. Dunno where you're from, but in Chicago we look at everything with intense skepticism and seriousness. Ain't nobody falling for some cup game south of Roosevelt.
Holllldddd up. You're from Chicago? You're a Cavs fan? What is happening
I lived in Chicago Boston and Ohio when growing up but don't root for any Chicago teams. Also went to OSU.
Has technology gone too far?
No..no it hasn't other Barry.
First Lebron eating popcorn in the sidelines, Jr Smith talking to Terry mid-play and now this!? Cavs in full LeCoast mode.
I just can't wait for the salt from Noah.  He got so mad at Lebron when he would dance on the sidelines.
That was from a single incident back in 07 or 08 though right? when they got in each other's faces
Noah remembers everything. That's why he was shooting free throws during the Cavs ring ceremony. Dude is saltier than a whore's canker
That's pretty salty.
honestly, it was probably unrelated, he needs all the practice he can get this year LMFAO
You can't LMFAO your own joke bro! That's a T!!
[lol](http://www.viralhoops.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/Tim-Duncan-Ejected-When-Laughing-on-the-Bench.png)Edit: holy shit thanks
How come this shit gets gilded then when I submit a fuckin peer reviewed essay on kebab i get like four up votesEdit: LeBron** fml
'cause fuck your kebabs..
Link me to the kebabs friend
yo lemme see that kebab essay though
i think its hilarious u kids talking shit about kebab. u wouldnt say this shit to him at lan, hes jacked. not only that but he wears the freshest clothes, eats at the chillest restaurants and hangs out with the hottest dudes. yall are pathetic lol
I swear Noah looks like he's the big man in the NBA who puts in the least amount of off season work.  I'm probably 100% wrong, but he looks like the laziest good player in the NBA.
That is the most absurd thing I've heard all week.  How dare you call Noah a "good player".
He was thinking of PreThib Noah, before the 300,000 or so miles.I like to say he got "Deng'd".
He got "Deng'd?"Dang.
I completely blame Lebron. Someone ship him to the Brooklyn Nets already.
No, I think he deserves a real punishment, send him to Utah.
LePolygamy
I'd prefer him in LeBronx.
That'll make his momma cry!
LeMormon
You mean Sal ta lay kacity? If he wants to get there he just has to follow that white guy!
Next thing you know, one of them is eating ice cream while going up for a layup.
Holy shit they were that bored
Rockets could have been doing that too...
They should have been doing it. Such a trash night from the Lukers.
Y'all have like your whole starting lineup out to injury so that doesn't help I'm sure. But yeah they were super sloppy with the ball tonight.
Yeah injuries really hurt us. We don't really have anybody that just carries us like the Rockets and OKC has. If 2 of our guys go out it's pretty much over. Need the balanced attack to win.
&gt;&gt;Lukers
To be fair, look at the score.
Bench Focus level: Blowout
Comment level: level
*Bleacher report unzips, violent fapping commences*
&gt;*/r/nba unzips, violent fapping commences*FTFY
If you follow(ed) the bleacher report facebook page (which I've unfollowed for this reason) basically all it's turned into over the past few months is a water bottle challenge website.
The quientisential /r/NBA comment, "Anybody who browses /r/NBA is an idiot. Except for me, of course."
I see it more like "we make fun of other sites for posting and obsessing over this stuff... But here we are on the sub, commenting on this post that has thousands of upvotes"
Seriously though, bleacher report has become a joke.
Has? More like it has been forever
I love it though
ESPN even replayed LeBron's attempt in slow-mo
"Lebron to take 2 weeks off to practice water bottle flipping with D-wade in south beach."
I know it's supposed to be funny, but I can't laugh at this :(
Why do I feel like they're going to have workouts in Miami this summer.
10/10 title
Yeah references are amazing
OP's references are out of control, everybody knows that
Kevin Love noticeably absent. Chemistry issues? Is Kevin not cool enough to be a part of Lebron's posse?
Kevin Love has not Posse issues at all. Most likely he had 'Nosse' issues this match lol.
Him and love were hiding their faces in their jerseys from the camera and being stupid together on the bench.
LMAO I fucking love this. So disrespectful to the Knicks.
*cries*
[deleted]
Probably the Knicks again when they get swept by the Cavs in the first round.
#Here's a better quality [version](https://gfycat.com/DentalScarceAkitainu)
lmao at Frye's reaction when the bottle went to the court
his face throughout the whole ordeal is pretty hilarious
He's got the old head peek. Not invested enough that he seems involved in the shenanigans, but still aware of everything happening.
His eyebrows show some serious investment, he cares.He just don't want to get detention.
lol waiting for the ref to go by like the teacher
Lmao being able to see their faces better makes this so much funnier. All it needs is the 2x speed and Benny Hill music.
is kyrie wearing the new kyrie 3?
Nah they were 2s.  https://i.imgur.com/uwBKz0ph.jpg
r/BetterEveryLoop
Breaking: Lebron "taking his talents to Dasani."
Ugh. This is hard...This fall I'm going to take my talents to Deer Park and become a member of the Aquamen.
&gt;We drink Deer Park and Deer Park only-LeBron
#I'D NEVER TELL YOU TO DRINK DEER PARK
Micheal Jordan would of flipped 2 bottles at once.  Proof that LeBum isn't the GOAT../s
I heard wilt flipped 5 bottles at once but the pace was to slow in that era
Kobe woulda flipped it 40 times and landed it on 15 of them. \#dominatebottleflipping
The spurs would have passed around the bottle until they could have gotten a good enough shot to land the bottle on it's head.
But we lost the biggest fundamental for our bottle flipping skill   *sad*
I never got the point of comments like this that end with */s*. It takes away any humor the post would've had.
I got fucking ESPN notification for this garbage
This is pathetic, professional athletes can't even stick it and I'm over here nailing it every other flip with a full Gatorade bottle.
It was a Dasani.  Gatorade bottles are for amateurs.
Bottles are for amateurs, flip a highlighter.
When the watter bottle lands on the court they're like"Oh shit not tryna get finned"
Yep gotta watch out for those amphibious refs and their wayward limbs
Finna get finned
this was super duper cute. super funny when lebron tossed it too far and he dove for it
Yes I also watched the video
thanks for the snarky reply
Anytime man
This was a good exchange
Solid post-exchange commentary there.
Woah I liked that part too! I also liked when Kyrie tried before Lebron did. Underrated moment in the gif tbh.
[mfw](http://imgur.com/a/l1itY)
http://imgur.com/Rpxg2cY
LeBron is too damn strong.
Like Howard or Shaq chucking FTs. No touch.
Can't wait for someone to overreact to this.
We gotta hear what Phil Jackson thinks about this, then we can overreact.
lord no I don't want to hear this take
*LeBron and teammates not taking regular season games seriously. Kyrie Irving trade imminent??? More at 7*
Wouldn't be complete without a Kevin Love to Celtics rumor.
Kevin Love for a half full bottle of water, who says no?!
Nestle.
Honestly I admittedly reacted/overreacted to it. Tho I know a few years ago I'd have thought the opposite. Instead of getting worked up I just gotta hope we can get our shit together and demand respect instead
Not gonna lie, I'm pretty salty. But hey what can you do.
LOL KNICKS AMIRITEjust wait till we reach our final form you motherfuckers
Love the commentators acting like they missed a three or something lol
*If you don't like that, you don't like NBA basketball!*
Lmao right on the court no fucks given
[pathetic](http://i.imgur.com/CxzT962.png)
Was that taken with a calculator?
Hmm looks like a potato to me
Yeah the TI-73
http://i.imgur.com/MWg8sz0.gif
username checks out
Was that taken with an old tennis shoe?
Anyone else think this is just kind of obnoxious?
NO MAN IT WAS SO FUNNY 😂😂😂😂😂 JUST THE WAY THEY WERE PLAYING WITH THE BOTTLE AND THEN JAMES DIVED FOR IT OMG😅😅😄😄👏👏👍👍
Why the fuck is everything a challenge now?
I know, right? I work at an elementary school and everything is a challenge. Bing boozle challenge, pizza challenge, and this. I didn't mind it at first but last week I brought two water bottles with me to work, and started setting up soccer equipment, 3 kids came over and poured out half my water from each bottle so they could bottle flip. And any other time I bring a water bottle, coach soccer, come back and my bottle is thrashed and missing it's label. I don't mind bottle flipping but do it to your own damn bottle. I thought it was only youngsters but it's like all ages now. This is one trend I can't wait til goes out of style. Someone needs to invent square water bottles. Stop challenging my drinking need.Edit: I'm old and get off my lawn!
They're used to flipping Perrier.
This is disrespectful AF but I laughed
I'm not a fan of this. Pretty crazy that just last week Cavs were getting waxed by the Bucks Clips &amp; Bulls &amp; they prob wouldn't like it much. Having said that I'll admit that it's funny but still a bad look imo.
[deleted]
The water bottle challenge was tougher than the Knicks were tonight.
Looks like the kind of shenanigans the kids at the end of the bench in high school would pull.
I wonder what the reaction would be if the roles were reversed and Melo was on the bench doing that with other players, while the Knicks were blowing up the Cavs?
Don't interrupt the LeBron dick riding
Bet if this was another team they all would have been fined
Why is Phil Jackson posting shit on reddit?
Love how Kyrie checks to see if the ref is fully paying attention to the game
Guys, not everything has to be a 'challenge'.
So did Lebron legit take offense to the "posse" comment? Im just now hearing about this. Because thats retarded as hell lolEDIT: or just downvote me instead...
Yeah, LeBron made too big of a deal out of the comment, and then people made too big a deal out of *that*. It was a shit-show all around.
Posse is a racist term now. It was a joke. A total character assassination on Phil Jackson because he didn't like his bullshit being called out.
Yeah I always think Cowboys posse and stuff like that. Weird stuff
*coasting*
Lol guess what
*LeDisrespect
BLASPHEMOUS
Poor sportsmanship.
Call baseball boring or repetitive, but Lebron would take a fastball to the kidney for that.
I wonder if anyone got the Stephen A Smith reference
Better than the game
The LeDesrespect
Just LeBron sending a message to Phil Jackson.
&gt;The disrespect No, that's just courtesy to not submit the viewing public to have to watch the Knicks.
[deleted]
It was an absolute blowout. They were goofing around on the bench. I don't think they made the decision to do that based off of something the Knicks gm said months ago
Serious question: Do you guys think Phil would've made those comments if Lebron was white?/S
I got one from bleacher report. 2016 sports journalism at its finest.
Why do you get notifications from bleacher report? You're just asking for it at that point.
Don't worry, people will still "lol Knicks" even if you're good.
never a knicks fan, but god damn this would fire me up.  as someone who coaches a sport at a college level, if i saw this i would show it to my team for "locker room motivation".  i'm definitely doing a water bottle celebration if im on the knicks and beating the cavs next time (which wont happen, but you get the point). lebron is one of the best players of all time, and call me a old fashioned if you want or a party pooper (which i realize i kindof am), but i'd like to see him cut this shit out.
(&amp;#94;&amp;#94;&amp;#94; Obviously a Knicks fan)I'm happy that he's having fun, but I do find it a bit disrespectful to the game and his opponents. It reminds me of when Cam &amp; his ~~posse~~ crew were taking selfies while the game was still going on. Is it really a big deal, of course not, but it is lacking a certain amount of decorum and isn't the greatest sportsmanship; how much so is up for debate.In the end, they're just having fun, it's really no big deal. As they say to the victors go the spoils. Me, personally, if I was a head coach or GM or owner of the team, I would have a problem with my players acting like that on the bench. How far would that go with someone of Lebron's caliber and status? Probably not far. But at least privately I'd have a talk with him. And yes, I can totally accept that I am salty.
I don't think he meets Phil Jacksons criteria for Lebron's posse.
Would have
LeBron has been in LeCoast Mode for the past 6 years.  Guy has it made in the East.
Except that throw was awful. Worse than a Shaq FT.
For real, though.What else was he expecting?  There was no way it WASN'T landing on the court, the way and direction he threw it.  And they all act super surprised when it happens LOL
Purposely disrespecting Phil level: enraging
upload it separately man, this one is trash
nah, the title is good
For those that aren't getting the sheer, *sheer* brilliance of the title:&gt;posse
I'm not posting another since this has 1k upvotes and mods would remove my post.edit: grammar
the people behind them aren't even paying attention the the water bottle game.
Don't ever let this one go!
yo that cheesin ass security dude on the right is killing me lmao
I mean like what else did they have to do?  I'm surprised they hadn't showered already
Jesus would have turned it into wine as he flipped on Moses.
The dude behind them trying to mack on that girl.  Go for it dude!
Easy on the arch Bron, Christ.
LeBron is telling Kyrie to "flip it you fucking midget!"
Molly Aquafina
Kind of like how LeBron overreacted about Phil using the word posse.
Last year I would have said the Cavs were 1 'Kevin-Love-left-out-of-a-selfie' away from a locker room implosion but I think they're past that now.
I'll probably be like 80 by that time.
And Howard was crucified for smiling on the bench. Winning really solves everything
JVG's commentating is equally as cute.
He has a job to keep.
OP of parent comment I love your name
&gt;Can't wait for someone to overreact to this.Like the prima donna overreacted to the word posse without any semblance of understanding of what it meant? Yea. That would be ridiculous if the sporting world was divided over basic verbiage.
I think it was more of a dig at Phil for labeling him and his friends as a 'posse.'
[Here we go](https://twitter.com/alanhahn/status/807237273687355392)
[deleted]
&gt;B-buh muh Larry Bird!??
Phil asked for it though
whose man is this fam😂😂😂
Then probably talked about how he's the best in the league at bottle flipping, even though we know that's not true.
D-Wade isn't in south beach anymore.
*Door gets kicked down a single Knicks employee falls into the room*Phil: "What's wrong?"Intern: "t-THE GAME IT'S ----"Phil: "I already know we're losing by 20+"Intern: "N....n-NO! IT'S THE POSSE. THE POSSE ARE POSSE-ING THEIR POSSE GAMES!!!"Phil: "POSSE LEVEL CODE RED?!??!!?"[ANGER INTENSIFIES](http://a.espncdn.com/photo/2010/0125/nba_g_jackson_576.jpg)
Would like to see some more winning out of them but whatever XD
Is that a euphemism for being dragged to a dolphin rape cave? Gettin some fin
i disagree, if it was SO disrespectful everybody on this sub and espn would be saying that 25 hours a day *especially coming from lebron*, but not everyone is this petty and can see past it that its just some fun
#notfunny
[ #notfunny](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/5h4nxl/lebron_and_his_posse_doing_the_water_bottle/daxg5to/)
L
Do you really get so few notifications that this bothered you? Take the half second to swipe it off your screen and move on with your life.
I did; I just get annoyed by a lot the dumb ass ESPN notifications like this one. Now I don't receive any from their app.
&gt; wait till we reach our final form you motherfuckersIs that when you start losing by *50*?Woof - didn't realize how high the level of butthurt would be if I made a joke.
My life would be so much less stressful if I just bandwagoned like you do
I've been bandwagoning for the same team my entire life... so no, it probably wouldn't.
But where u out here talking shit when the cavs where winning 9 games is the question?
I'd know how to answer your question if it was a coherent thought.
Exactly. Another fan hiding in the bushes until their team gets above .500
Who talks shit when their team sucks? You just don't do that. It's a stupid question.
You probably didn't even rep your team too. Shit is annoying.
You'd be wrong - but I appreciate the effort.
I DOUBT YOU WHERE TALKING SHIT WHEN YOUR TEAM WAS WINNING 9 GAMES!
WELL YEAH - SHITTY TEAMS DONT TALK SHIT - YOU SHOULD KNOW
So you became a loudmouth over the last few years gotIt . Won't be long before you're back in the gutter .
I'd suggest chugging some water - all that salt CAN'T be good for you.
Are you a Browns fan though, if you rep any other football team then the Browns you're fraudulent.Unless you don't  watch football then it's irrelevant.
Clevelanders are contractually obligated to be Browns fans so this comment is moot.
sarcasm?
Did your own joke fly over your own head?
What if he has no idea and just randomly used the word posse
OP is a racist shitlord confirmed
Did we just find Phil Jackson's reddit account?
Probably was a tweet or BR headline or something
out of the loop why is posse a good title?
LeBron freaked out when Phil said he had a posse
Thanks
https://www.google.com/amp/www.cbssports.com/nba/news/lebron-james-has-not-forgotten-about-phil-jacksons-posse-comment/amp/
I'm clearly missing the joke here.. someone help me out
https://www.google.com/amp/www.cbssports.com/nba/news/lebron-james-has-not-forgotten-about-phil-jacksons-posse-comment/amp/
no i just thought he was being sarcastic for some reason
I still love you op
I love OP more
You can have him, I want /u/kash96
Possebly
I think he was actually complementing the use of posse.
&gt;complementingIts cimolemtbing.
Lot more disrespectful to their own bench players who were on the court at the timeOur players definitely don't give a shit whether they're watching the game or not
Salt
He has a point though. Doubt the other team honestly cares about them doing this on the bench. Kinda does suck to their teammates that nobody is even paying attention to them. Not a big deal though.
I also like how he deletes his response to this comment :&gt;"HE personally came off as salty, regardless of his point /r/nba has this beautiful unwritten rule of "any comments from the losing team  for 24 hours after the game are salty unless they're shameless self deprecating karma grabs"
I deleted it bc i already posted the same comment i keep all my negative posts up
That really wasn't salty though. Knicks players don't seem to care about their own team, so why would they care what other teams do?
Not really
Honestly it was disrespectful to both. Kind of fucked up that they don't watch there bench play, when there bench gets hyped as fuck for them.
Coming from the Cavs fan who just bought his jersey last year. Go swing on that lebitch dick like Tarzan.
Lebron bandwagoner, totally not an overused joke for the past 6 years..
I lived in Ohio my whole life up until i went into the military.
Keep swinging
Salt
great hustle...
Whoa, they throw way too high
Lmfao when was the last time LeBron dove for a loose ball like that?
I'm an U14 basketball coach in Portugal. If this was made during a game, you can be sure the player wasn't playing again that day.
eh it was a 30 point game with a minute left. these guys play ~4 games a week for an 82 game season, i really dont mind them having some fun.
The best time to show respect for the other team, who is having their asses kicked by 30. You just made my point.
i think its unrealistic to expect players to be stoic at all times and in all situations during the course of the game. sports at their core are games, i would rather players enjoy the game than worry about stepping on someones toes at all times.
It's ok,I understand the point of view. I just don't agree with all that relaxed dgaf attitude, entering the playing field while at it.
i kno im let to this, but can somebody explain the posse shit to me? how is saying posse even remotely racist
phil jackson said that about lebron's "inner circle" which includes his agent and business manager. lebron didnt like his use of that term because he felt like a group of white guys with business ties wouldnt be called a posse.
So lame. Lebron also is choosing to not stay with his team tonight because his team is staying in a trump hotel. 2016, the year politics ruined everything
he didnt choose not to stay with his team, a group of players decided to stay in a different hotel together.
I responded right above this: https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/5h4nxl/comment/daxwz0o?st=IWGHPIQS&amp;sh=2503577a
That bottle a free agent? Looked more of a challenge than what the Knicks offered :(
LMAO, they bunch of kids. Love it
[removed]
shit lmao, LeBron bottle
PhilKnicks right under that too lol.
Careful.. LeBron doesn't like you calling his friends that word
Disrespectful. In the Mecca and they actually took coverage away from the game to show it
The only disrespect was that the Knicks played that badly
Honest question, does anyone really think "posse" is racist?
Nope
No and how would you phrase it if it was a dishonest question?
Lots and lots of sarcasm
Delete this! wtf happened to the no racism rule mods?
This was funny to watch, but this while water bottle flipping thing is the bane of my existence as a teacher. I don't know how many times I have to tell students to stop it. It's expanded into large bottles of hand sanitizer now as well.
Is the "posse" comment a dig at LeBron for overreacting so much to Phil Jackson's "posse" comment?
yes
Noobs. My 9 year old cousin can do this.
LeBottleflip
Lmao those were terrible attempts. But that was so fun to watch. TT is straight up giddy after Kyrie goes.
"Posse"TRIGGR'd
Left the bench mid game. Suspend him.
Rules are rules!
Isn't LeBron supposed to get a technical there for throwing something on the court?  I'm just curious what the rule is on that.
I can bottle flip better than Lebron James. Get at me.
AMA
Wow Lebron, garbage toss there. I expect more out of a great.
At first I thought it was one of those really tiny 10 oz bottles but then I realized it's probably regular sized and they just make it look small.
Hope they do this Christmas Day against you know who.
Hey Phil, they're not a posse, remember?
Member when so much as giggling on the bench got you ejected? Ooh! Ooh! I member!
fu lebron :|
Upvote for  them "posse" with zero fucks given because it doesn't mean anything.
Paid hundreds of millions to sit on the bench during a regular season game of all times and flip a 1/3 full bottle of water.Where the fuck did I go wrong with my life..
I love how much they look like friends in high school goofing around while the teacher is talking. Especially when LeBron does his flip, the facial expressions and the dive are just priceless.
how do people have teams next to their names and does it only show up when posting in this sub?
subs have "flairs" that show up next to your name if you pick one. on the right hand side right above the posting rules/guidelines you can see your name with (edit) next to it, click the edit and you can add your team to your name.
Oh wow. Thanks for the 411.
no problem
To your second question: it is sub specific. Other subs will have different flairs you can apply if you'd like.
GOAT title lmfao
that was some extremely poor bottle flipping
The real game within the game
Phil...comment?
Way too much arc from Bron, I'd have expected better technique from him.
That dive to rescue it from the court lmao
LeBottle
this is literally why most people despise lbj.These unnecessary antics have gotten him naysayers and haters.(http://i.imgur.com/JrV0fKv.gifv)
If you despise this kind of conduct, do you also hate Curry for running into the tunnel to celebrate? So disrespectful!
pretty sure he was kidding...he tried to do the /s with the gif but failed
Well - hopefully they can find a way to un-bunch their panties and enjoy the rest of their lives some how.
being the first to the floor is always the mark of a true champion
I just got home from this game. My god, what a disappointment of a game. But it's the Knicks afterall, I shouldn't be surprised.I would've rather have watched all the players playing this challenge instead of having to watch this sad performance from the Knicks.
Posers, they need true professional WBCers out there
Maybe I'll see one good knicks team before I die.
I'm sure you'll see a bunch if you watch ESPN Classic
Do not call them a posse!!!
Did h3 start this?
nah its been a big thing for a while now.
Lebron doesn't know his own strength that thing went flying lol
Channing Frye lookin like he didn't wanna be in trouble but he was just as entertained
This might be the first time I've seen someone fail at this on video.
I thought they had some understanding how physics work, that's almost impossible to fail if the bottle is half empty..
R.I.P Knicks
Damn Lebron thought he was going to make it
I'm a warriors fan but you still just got to love the cav crew lol...
The clip didn't finish, they tried 3 times and failed and eventually got it.
Love the "oh shit!" face when it bounces on to the court. lol
Clearly a party posse
If that was a black water bottle they would have given him a foul.
&gt; posse#TRIGGERED^^^/s
Next week.... Lebron and team take selfies while dabbingJune - Warriors sweep Cavs in the finals and lebron leaves mid press conference.Ive already witnessed this bullshit.
Upvote for trolling title. Just excellent.Edit:Spelling
*splash* all night
You guys remember that song "My Posse's on Broadway", by Sir Mix a lot ...Cause it's wonderful
Posse! LeBron does not take kindly...
stupid people still blowing this out of proportion with the whole posse thing
I upvoted this just because of the title hahaha posse
New Garden Chant next time Lebron comes in:"JORDAN'S BETTER"*CLAP CLAP CLAPCLAPCLAP*"JORDAN'S BETTER"
mumbly peg with a water bottle?
Man I fucking love lebron (and this cavs team).   He just seems so much more comfortable these last 3 seasons.
How can you not love lebron
More entertaining than a regular season nba game
A big fuck you to Phil
[deleted]
lol yeah Draymond is the epitome of professionalism isn't he?
Also human beings who have put in the work necessary to win the game and deserve to relax.
[deleted]
Do you also get mad when Steph Curry runs away into the tunnel during a game?  That's also very disrespectful towards the other team. It's a game buddy, let the players have some fun.  No need to get upset over things like this
ball hog AND a bottle hog too? no way...
wait you think lebron is a ball hog? lol
&gt; ball hogHe's averaging 9.1 assists per game - fourth best in the league. Try again?
This isn't Kobe.
These guys make more in a year then you will make in your lifetime just because they are 6'5"+
and extremely skilled in a super competitive field that people pay to watch.
It's a child's sport. Pro Sports are a way to bring people together. Lebron is ending that
lol in what way?
That's not true, it takes a ton of practice and work to play basketball at the level of NBA players. Yes it helps to be tall but it's not in any way a ticket. Lots of tall people are terrible at basketball
Found the guy who doesn't know what he's talking about ^
More like make more in a week or two. LeBron made 80 million last year.
[removed]
Da fuq
He's an extremely angry racist who doesn't like it when white people enjoy black culture. He's also probably wasted.
[removed]
Someone voted for Trump.
you think if someone likes basketball they want to be black? really? you actually cant be that dense, i dont believe it.
[removed]
its actually hilarious that youre acting this way because you think some sjw boogeyman actually has those values and dont see that even if that was true youre making the assumption that people who like fucking basketball wish they were black. youve gone too far the other way on this one, you sound just as stupid as the people youre making fun of.
What? Are you racist?
dont feed the troll man!
ya honestly i cant help it, i enjoy it in a masochistic way. i always sort by new when a thread hits front page so i can argue with people on their bullshit, its a bad habit lol.
Anyone got the slo-mo version?
Yeah pls
ESPN: "Are the Cavs lacking in fundamentals?"
You joke about this topic, but The Starters could discuss this legit and get tons of views.
There's a water bottle challenge now? Why is everything called blank challenge?
Uh. I like LeBron as much as the next guy, but shouldn't the announcers be watching the game?
There was a game?
45 seconds left and thirty point margin, not much to see
Oh. That's fair.
Anyone else think this is super disrespectful to the sport and Knicks?yeah, the game got really boring and it was a blowout, but this is like some JV squad shenanigans shit that would get anyone else chewed out.  Its a bit comical, but for the highest profiled player to be doing this kind of thing...just seems childishnot a lebron hater either, just hate this instance
If the Warriors did this to the Clippers last night this place would have called the police to the stadium
Yeah. Made me respect the Cavs even less. Granted, I hate LeBron already as a player and won't ever let him in my Top 10 of All Time, so I may be considered biased. His teammates that are the reason he can stay so good and get quality reps in practice are out on the floor during this. How would LeBron like it if those third string guys were flipping bottles and having a grand old time during a close game where the Cavs are down by 4 with :07 left in the 4th? It's very childish. I don't expect them to sit there like choir boys, but at least pretend like you want to support your teammates and the people still in attendance.
I don't understand the over reactions in this thread, it was a blowout and teammates hanging out with less than 2 minutes to go
I would guess that the over-reactions are coming from people who root for teams incapable of winning by this much.
the dumbass 12yr old lebron fans are ruining this subreddit.
Cmon LeBron that's way too much height on that flip.
Das racist
LeCoast just sliding onto the court is so funny
That's racist! /s
Father of three. So childish, trying to mock Phil with this antics.
Yeah what grown man fucks around at work? I'm sure most of the reddit community can agree how egregious such a notion is.
It's not like he was even trying. Kyrie was trying to make it land. LeBum just threw it in the air just to get some attention. Where did he throw it? Not in the sidelines. He wanted to be noticed that he's mocking the other team.
&gt;He wanted to be noticed that he's mocking the other team.This right here is a complex that LeBron haters have, where you microanalyze every action through then lens of 'how can I make him out to be the bad guy in this situation.' It's sad.
Are you Skip Bayless?
Boys are boys. Some things never change
The what challenge? Where are all these dumbass things coming from ?holy shit
It started in a middle school in Pennsylvania and worked it's way up to right here.
Is flipping water bottles a thing again? I remember it like 15 years ago in middle school but wasn't aware it came back around.
why do they have to call every thing "the ___ challenge"? Its just them tossing around a waterbottle like kids do in school
Sure coach is glad bron is hitting the deck for a water bottle
Lebron James with no regard for human life
Does everything have to be a "challenge" now? We used to do this at lunch in high school 10 years ago and all anyone ever called it was "a group of losers who smoked too much weed today," if they called it anything.
Lebron is insufferable
no u
THUGS! Look at their disgusting behaviour
Love how LeBron scurries to get it off the court
Probably the most entertaining thing all game.
Oh man, if only there was a team that could actually challenge them in the East. That conference has been a joke pretty much since Lebron came into the league.
I'm gonna assume you just started watching basketball recently. The Pistons and Celtics were no joke during LeBron's first stint with the Cavs
I started watching around '08 but really only started following super closely the last 4 or 5 seasons, so you're right. My bad. I forgot how long Lebron has been in the league but I do remember the Celtics/Lakers series the year the NBA wanted so desperately for it to be Lakers/Heat (or maybe Cavs). Whatever year they did the puppets of Kobe and Lebron.
Sad but true, only teams that come close are Raptors and Celtics but without Superstars, they can never beat them in the Playoffs.
James diving on court to retrieve bottle he tossed while goofing off would have been the greatest Tech in history.
i get that most of you didn't find phil's comments racist, but are we gonna be this edgy to use it like this now
Hey, it's a joke! It's ok, I have a black friend.
Why did this become popular again?I was doing this in high school and that was in 2006. fuck i feel old typing that
This infuriates me. This is exactly what kids do in the middle of class. They have that same expression too. All fun and games until the bottle explodes.
&gt; until the bottle explodes.That's not how this works.
A+ title OP.
Our Champions
LeBron James with NO REGARD for human life!
Savagely disrespectful. Love it.
le bottle.
Wow I didn't know u/jritz611 was Phil Jackson!
This is like when you and your friends are playing a game in class and are trying not to get caught by the teacher.
Lebron needs to get himself some ball hog gloves. That touch was horrendous.
ITT: "Posse"
that is some aggressive as F tossing.
Technique is all wrong. It's all in the wrist.
This really is exactly what I expected to see when the Knicks are on national tv, seriously.
This reminds me of middle school basketball, just able to really have fun and chill out while playing ball. I find it really cool that they can still just joke around, probably gonna get yelled at by coach for it too
just look at TT
the bottle was more challenging than the knicks
My 12 year old brother does this non stop everywhere we go GAHHH
NBA's initiative to increase ratings among young kids
"posse" - &gt; Triggered
The fact that you used "posse" in the title lmao
Phil Jackson would land that water bottle, Bron.
op is Phil Jacksonlol
Hooligans
o man.. I hope they don't lose to the GSW
What a historic battle between two super teams.
They're garbage at it lol
I LOVE BASKETBALL
You said Posse, racist.
:'(
Posse
Tristan Thompson's reaction time really shows here
thats a one game suspension
Sounds better than LeBron and his supporting cast
His posse.   Lol
Someone needs to work on their bottle flipping skills.
Is this a micro aggression?
Pretty sure this is not the "posse" that set him off. It was apparently his manager and some business associates. Either way this douche bag should have been fined for throwing the bottle onto the court. RJ even understood the ramifications of throwing something onto the court. He was pretty quick to jump up seeing the direction he flipped the bottle.
Lebron and RJ both stepped onto the court during play. Should technically be a 1 game suspension for each.
Whoa, better watch out with that "posse" business... LeBron might get his feelings hurt again.
yet playing Klay would be disrespectful?
The hell is with people calling Lebron and his crew a posse.
I respect the disrespect. Props LeBron
One thing to remember everyone is that LeBron is a millenial, so he can't help but be a part of the meme culture like the rest of us.
@Knicks fans how does this make you feel?
What do you want us to feel? We had lost the game by then so either you just join in and laugh about this or get salty about it. I prefer to laugh about it and move on to the next game
I don't want you to feel anything, I'm asking how it makes you feel
Why would it make anyone feel anything?
It makes me feel like asking you how it feels to see Drose in orange and blue?
I'm happy that he's been playing better as of late and that seems to be happier in his current situation as opposed to the animosity he felt towards the FO and media in Chicago
So, that's an answer.
I fucking hate LeBron and the stupid circlejerk. It's mad disrespectful. I think LeBron can be so hilarious but this just rubs me the wrong way especially as a Knicks fan.
"Super Team"
At least we have loyalty
[deleted]
TIL leaving your hometown team to go join two other franchise players and then leaving said team to return home only after acquiring 2 other stars=loyalty
That's literally all you have.
The Cavs will never touch the Knicks as a franchise. I don't get how it's so fun to support a team only when they're winning.
&gt; I don't get how it's so fun to support a team only when they're winning. I mean, New York has some of the most bandwagoned teams in the country - you should ask around.
We're talking basketball. We've done well with every other sport. Still, we have sucked for so long I'm basketball and we continue to stay up there in attendance. Your attempt to change the subject shows how much of a band wagoner you are.
&gt; Your attempt to change the subject shows how much of a band wagoner you are.I don't know how you logically think this makes sense - especially considering I was staying on topic regarding bandwagon fans. But hey, I don't need to defend my fandom to salty fans of a shit team.
I'll take Knicks history over Cavs history any day of the week as well as their fans. That makes up for you  having to live in that shit hole of a city.
&gt; That makes up for you having to live in that shit hole of a city.I'll take "Shit people who've never been to Cleveland (or haven't visited the city in at least a decade)" say for $500, Alex.
LeBron barely got hit on the head and was whining to the refs to try to get them to upgrade it to a flagrant tonight. Of course the refs obliged but after review ruled it a common foul. Then LeBron kept complaining to the refs. Sometimes I hate watching LeBron play...whines anytime he is called for a foul or thinks he's fouled.
You could literally say this about ANY superstar.  I've seen people say this about Bron, Steph, Russ, Harden, CP3, all numerous times.
Not my boy Me7o!
He said superstars
Well we're a super team right?? That's gotta count for something!
Well after Phil referred to him and his friends as the P word it's kinda justified. Edit: thought it was obvious but /s
this is a thing now? I've been mastering the physics of water bottle flipping basically my whole life...is this my calling?!!?
That should be unsportsmanlike like conducts. 15 yards, automatic first down.
Why use posse when you could just say teammates
its a joke. lebron got offended by phil jackson calling him and some of his friends a posse and tonight was the first game against phil's team, so it was a storyline people talked about during the game.
It wasn't a joke to LeBron - unless you're simply saying that it's a joke when *you* don't think it's racist.
the situation in general isnt a joke, in the context of the title of this post its a joke.
Fair enough - I'm on board with that.
Besides posse sounds so much more appropriate when Leborns teamates are basically almost sucking his dick. Lmao
The guy is a once in a generation player - how the fuck can you not be in awe of someone like that? If you like doing something and meet someone who's the best at it (historically), you would at least respect them, if not be in awe of them.
This is honestly the easiest thing to do.How can 2 multi-million dollar athletes make baskets for a living, but they can't get a half filled water to land upright
not the P-word. Please think of the children.
I do the same thing when I blow the Knicks out by 30
Rich wanted a shot. He was the one who is WAY too excited for his turn
So now it is okay to call it his posse? I don't know right or wrong anymore
Dude perfect would show these guys how a bunch of fucking losers would get it done.Fuck dude perfect..
Careful, apparently the word posse is offensive if you're Lebron James.
&gt;Posse***TRIGGERED!***
More interesting than the actual game
Lebron disapproves of this title
Noob question...why am I seeing such elevated number of upvotes on posts the last few days??
[deleted]
lmao please
So disrespectful and I'm not even mad.
aka fuck you phil jackson lmao
SO DISRESPECTFUL! MUCH BLASPHEMY! OUT-RAGE-OUS! SSSCCCCCAANNDDDAAALLLOOUUSSS!!!
Giannis should have done this during the Bucks-Cavs game
[deleted]
You're dumb
[deleted]
LeBron James!
for the style points bruh
I mean lebron dove for it pretty fucking fast, pretty sure he didn't mean it.
I saw it differently, it is still funny to me, but just seemed planned.
lrn2circlejerk bro
i mean why would you do the water bottle challenge if you didnt want people to notice
I hate the Cavs organization, the city, and its owner.But I'm happy those players got a ring.
Why do you hate the city?
He probably had to vacation there once
Hey, let's be fair, even if that's the case, Cleveland didn't make him visit.
If this wasn't a Lebron thread that joke would have gold by now...well done
Luv u bb.
'Member Karl Malone??? Oh, oh, 'member Gary Payton??
You'll change your tune when California falls into the ocean lol
