She has a real authoritarian streak which scares me.
People who are saying she's the best of a bad bunch... *really*?!!
I mean at the time you had Stephen "Cure the Gays" Crabb, Liam "Security Risk" Fox, Micheal "I'm only here to screw Boris" Gove, and Andrea "As a mother" LeadsomNone exactly inspired confidence
[STABLE LEADERSHIP](http://www.ascrewsloose.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/Horse_Stables.jpg).
Sounds like a coalition of chaos tbh
If we had real alternatives that didn't ignore the majority of the population then we wouldn't be so far up shit creek right now.
What's the alternative? A man who openly wants to sabotage our foreign interests and refers to murderers of his own countrymen as friends? A man who wants to ignore a democratic referendum to further the European project rejected by his country? A man who lied among other things about a horrific disaster to further cynical political ambitions? A woman who wants to tear the country in two to get her name in the history books?I don't like some of Theresa May's politics, I thought some of her policies as Home Secretary were absolutely appalling but I'll vote Conservative again with a clean conscience because she really is the only option for me.
Well Green is an option. Also that whole corbyn called Hamas thing is just so inconsequential its pathetic. He was talking about a diplomatic meeting and encouraging a peace process and although our current foreign secretary completely goes against this, matters are useful in a peace process. I don't think the mail or telegraph would have been happy unless he used the words "and we are being visited by Hamas, you know those fucking muzzer bellend raghead cunts" * EDIT it appears the gentleman above is talking about the IRA and not Hamas I do apologize.
I know this might be picky, but I'm pretty sure he meant Corbyn and the IRA
Yes you are right now I look at it. I got confused with the whole calling them friends thing.
Discussions with the IRA ultimately allowed the peace process to work.
Yes I'm with you pal but I cant pretend to know enough about it to properly debate it.
&gt;&gt;Yes I'm with you pal but I cant pretend to know enough about it to properly debate it.I'd give you Gold for this if I was the Gold-giving type.
The Green party is even worse for somebody of my views. While I do care for the environment, I want to see that expressed investment in nuclear power, electric cars and climate engineering. What I don't want is banning nuclear power, opening the borders to the entire developing world (whilst advertising a UBI) and deliberately institutionalising sexism into British law.
Climate engineering?
Technologies to either mitigate human influences on or deliberately alter the Earth's climate. Things like industrial flue-scrubbing, catalytic converters and genetically modified crops and livestock with less of an environmental impact. In the future, it may even be possible to remove harmful gases from the atmosphere directly on an industrial scale, this is the sort of thing we should be pushing hard rather than veganism and cycling.It's also geopolitically a fantastic move to avoid fossil fuels as we'll no longer need unsavoury allies in oil-rich regions.
I'm up too late for this comment but holy shit I'm glad I've finally seen someone mention climate engineering- literally the only hope at this point.
Climate engineering strikes me as a final measure. Sure it could work, but you are introducing massive unpredictable changes on a global scale, and committing future generations to maintaining it. We could succeed in making the problem worse by our own ignorance.CO2 sequesting and the like, plus a medium - long term transfer to clean energy  (which is finally starting) is far more predictable and therefore far safer.
Greens are insane. look into them they're infiltrated by Feminists.you do not want feminists involved with your politics. you do not want someone like Jeremy Corbyn.
I do not want someone like Theresa May.
Not *feminists*! Dear God! Imagine that?!
Going around, thinking women are equal! It's the end of days!
Can you imagine!!!!!/s
yeah that's not at all what modern feminism stands for.Modern Feminists are essentially anti-male. If you could statistically map them you'd probably find that more than 50% of them hate men in some Fashion and yes I do mean HATE in the literal sense.
lol nope.Forget not even right, that's not even wrong.
&gt; I thought some of her policies as Home Secretary were absolutely appalling As did I, and her authoritarian streak seriously scares me. I'd rather spoil my vote than vote for her.
'A man who openly wants to sabotage our foreign interests...'I stopped here.What foreign interests? Selling arms to Saudi?
Literally any other option but May is better than a head of state that will lie to you and give no shits in doing so. She was in contempt of court for Pete's sake. A proven fibber, even in a court of law. Please vote for anyone but a professional liar.
I don't think she has an academic appreciation for liberty or libertarianism, nor the concept of limited government. I feel like it's just not a way in which she mentally frames decisions.I really don't think she views the world in these terms of "what a government should or shouldn't do" or how that can impinge on freedom.I hate that this whole school of thought is so totally​ lacking in British politics. You only see flickers of it in each of the parties from individual MPs.
The Tories are showing themselves to simply not understand democracy as the rest of us understand it. They don't see it as collective decision making process but something that stands between themselves and power and therefore is to be defeated.
She represented the nosy bastard flavour of politics. The kind of political mindset that makes what every private individual does the business of society rather than the private individual. It is the politics of the street gossip.
&gt;I don't think she has an academic appreciation for liberty or libertarianWell she's hardly unique there. There is not one party polling above 1% that are even remotely libertarian.
didn't she take the job just to pass her surveillance laws?
Every vote makes me stronger muhahahaha Make my ~~monsters~~ majority grow!
'member when she was appointed PM and the papers were calling her a *fucking liberal*? I swear sometimes it feels like half this country has gone insane and forgotten everything that has happened over the last 7 years.
Don't worry lads, she'll cut the police budget to the point that they can't enforce the drug laws. VIVA LA KUSH
Wherever I've lived, the police really don't care about weed. They have better things to do than support Theresa May's ideological crusade against the odd spliff, like actually stop violent crime.
[deleted]
Most people my age smoke weed here in the West Midlands, it wouldn't surprise me if it wasn't half as popular as alcohol.
Mid 20s in Devon, same story here. Actually alcohol seems to be way less popular than it was five years ago.. anecdotally of course.
[deleted]
I know somebody who did the same, he and his friends got high as fuck. Worth!
I'd base my opinion on which prescription drugs it was. You might not think it's a big deal, but I've mates who have died from diazipam and tramadol.
This right here is the sweetest irony of our conservative government. May wants to be strong on drug use because OAP voters eat that shit up like a free Sunday roast at Castle Bingo but she also wants to destroy all public services to the point that they are unable to function in any meaningful capacity. She can't have her cake and eat it so we can all smoke up freely in the meantime.
&gt; she also wants to destroy all public servicesShe only wants to make them run so inefficiently that she can sell them off to her mates and privatise everything, while making a boat load of cash for herself in the process.
&gt; sell them off to ~~her mates~~ investors in her husband's hedge fund.
This is the same bellend trying to ban people from watching porn in their own home, and keeping a record of everyones internet history no matter what and making it available to 36 different agencies so what do you expect?
But we must delete all of our trade deals which have brought us riches and prosperity as a seafaring nation which is only possible with a Tory super majority. How are you incapable of seeing the benefits of this trade off?
I don't know, its pretty important for national security that random agency workers in a welsh ambulance trust are able to access my browser history. Clearly.
Strong, stable leadership.
An autocracy is the strongest kind of leadership
Just look at the mid-20th century in Latin America and Europe, or the Middle East and Africa today!Oh no wait - just because something is hard, doesn't mean it's strong. More likely, it's going to be brittle.Strength requires an ability to absorb change, rather than resisit it utterly before shattering.
Perfectly put.
Stannis is pure iron, black and hard and strong, yes, but brittle, the way iron gets. He'll break before he bends.
&gt;Strength requires an ability to absorb change, rather than resisit it utterly before shattering.You're thinking of ~~durability~~ **toughness**
Toughness in material science terms.
I was umming and ahing about whether toughness would be more appropriate. Reading it again I think it probably is ;)
Glad to help!
toughness actually
I know I know... Strength meands withstanding force, in specific material terms, that can mean toughness, but not necessarily. But as you edit indicates, the common use of these terms is hard to square with their techical meaning.TLDR: Whhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatever.
Certainly the most common and human societies always path to return to it after upsets.
Do you think this is something that she has developed since then, or do you think "tampering" with the report was strong, stable leadership?
I think changing the results of research to fit your own preconceptions and diametrically changing your mind on nationally important decisions over the course of weeks is the opposite of strong, stable leadership.
In the national interest.
No ones gives a flying fuck. The Tories are dumb on drugs. Labour are dumb on drugs. It's hardly going to sway anyone.
Drugs aside, what about apparently changing a report to suit. It feels very "Alternative Facts" really.
It's an accusation made by a politician from a rival party and should be treated as such.
Now he is, he was working with May as part of the same coalition government at the time. That is very different that shit-stirring for cheap points. Also, do you really ignore what a rival says, just because they are rivals?So you don't believe what Conservatives say about Corbyn either?
Nick Clegg made this claim last year, long after the coalition, and his career, had finished. &gt;So you don't believe what Conservatives say about Corbyn either?I wouldn't believe any claims about things he supposedly did behind closed doors without a way of verifying it.
Yea it's a stupid thing to do. But what am I supposed to do vote for that numpty Corbyn instead? This is the issue of weak opposition it allows the government to get away with way more. But I've spent my last year and half arguing with Corbyn supporters and it's playing out just as predicted. Corbyn doing poorly and a stronger Tory party. But it's too late now Labour lost the election before it began.
How about picking some policies you like, seeing which party is close to them and voting for them? You know, the way politics is meant to function.Everything's fucking x factor now.
So much this, and it happens to such an extent around us that I find myself falling into the same mistake. A large part of the problem is, of course, that it's generally inadvisable to vote for anybody other than the two main parties, since tactical voting is so necessary under our broken electoral system.
The Tory policies are closest to what I like which is why I'm voting for them.
Which policies are they? Because I can't see one thing about them that would make me even consider them. All they seem to have is a "strong and stable" soundbite, which to anyone with half a brain is nonsense.
Translation: People who think differently than me must be dumb
I won't know until I know what you like about their policies?
&gt;what am I supposed to do vote for that numpty Corbyn instead?Fair point, but I suppose if you don't have faith in the party leaders, just vote for whoever is best for you locally.
Yes if it’s a labour marginal/seat, best he gets is a coalition which stops his silly ideas and he stops the cutting of social service that are taking them below the minimum level they need to even exist let alone function.Sadly we are at the point of minimising tory damage so anyone but a tory
It's too late to minimise any damage. Labour members stuck their fingers in their ears and I'll be rather glad when they get the loss they deserve.
It’s not the 8th of June yet so there is time to limit the damage.Labour may need a biblical miracle to win but tactical voting can have a big effect on the Conservatives.Give up all effort now and you might kick yourself if they get 450+ seats and announce the sell off of the country
&gt; But what am I supposed to do vote for that numpty Corbyn instead? Spoiling one's ballot is always an option.
Not really because nobody gives a toss if you do.
Why not, since he's not going to win!
[deleted]
Eh I think you are being ambitious if you think people really don't just vote with their political views most of the time. However I don't think your comment adds much. Maybe you could give some justification as to why she is better than the rest despite this?
Yea I'm no May fan boy. She's a bit rubbish but the best of a horrific bunch. We just need someone with half a brain to get us through the negotiations. Then coronate Boris and we all live happily ever after. 😂
*coronate Jacob Rees mogg
You won't ever know the truth, she will lie to your face for her own gain. At lest have some pride and vote for a party without a strong record of lying to your face. Do you remember her being guilty of contempt in a British court as Home sec? Guilty of contempt is not just a little fib.
Corbin won't lie to you.
I think everyone is dumb on drugs, unless its speed or something
The electorate itself is divided on drugs. Most approaches to drugs are vote-winners, really.
Unfortunately, corruption, incompetence, authoritarianism, blatant disregard for the poor and the destruction of public services seem to be very quickly forgotten under the Tories.
Teflon Theresa. Her 6 years as home secretary were one embarrassment after another, but none of it stuck. And despite her history of exceptional incompetence, she's seen as *a safe pair of hands*.
I've at last come to the conclusion that people don't care about evidence or facts, they just want a cohesive narrative that sounds good.
I blame the EU.
Bloody immigrants, coming here and ruining our politics.
Yeah not voting for the tories because of the drug policy that's for sure.
If she has no qualms editing a drug report then who knows what else she'll change because 'she doesn't like the conclusions', she already has an authoritarian nature about her. Throw in some healthy Christian values of hers and you've got a recipe for disaster. Casually dismissing this is just pathetic apathy.
&gt; If she has no qualms editing a drug report then who knows what else she'll change because 'she doesn't like the conclusions',That's exactly the problem. Whether or not you agree with her opinions on drugs is immaterial (unless you are one of those awful people who things 'x terrible thing is okay if my side does it.')To me, this is very concerning behaviour and is clearly authoritarian. It makes me think, 'what else will/did she hide?'Such shit options, between this and Corbyn, fucking awful.
Uk does not have presidential election so i don't get why people are so hung up on corbyn or may.
Because they lead the country and ultimately it's course for the next few years ( though i guess Cameron was steered by his back benchers into Brexitism). I don't get why people think May is going to do a good job with Brexit though. She's played the part of taking a firm stance, said some shit soundbites, and suddenly everyone believes she's the only one that can pull this off? She's the person that has most pissed off the EU... Ffs, we should be looking at the person that can construct the best team (of course that doesn't improve things as Corbyn just looks shit regardless...)
I don't think the majority of voters in the UK actually vote for a party or even read its manifesto anymore.  They vote for the party with the strongest leader who can get their point across and be heard by the public.  The only thing a lot of people know about the party they are voting for is from sound bites given by the party leader.That is why we have TV debates between the party leaders nowadays.The reason Labour got so annihilated in the last general election is because Ed Miliband was portrayed as weak leader.
One of them is going to be Prime Minister, and one of them is going to get to shape the direction we as a country take over at least the next five years. It is natural that they get talked about more than everyone else, because the choice we have is between May, Corbyn, or a coalition government led by May or Corbyn.
Then UK should just have executive office and clear this charade.
This is the same women trying to ban porn and making sure ISPs keep a record of everyones internet history on file. Basically imposing her Christian views on a whole country whether you like it or not.
You are voting for them because they are liars?
At this point, its allmost entirely cause labour needs to die in its current form at least.
You don't like a party standing up for working people?
Ahh yes the 'we are the working class party, attack us and you attack the working class'.If nothing else, they deserve a party that actually could. It's the perfect argument for what i'm doing.
You want the party of the working people to die what other conclusion can you make? Can Putin nuke the UK and claim its just because he wants Brits to be stronger?
&gt;You want the party of the working people to die what other conclusion can you make?You really think it has the mandate of heaven don't you.
You missed the Supermutant Corbyn joke.
Where is the FEV thou.
open the vault
What do you think Diane Abbott has been holding?
They're about to lose their mandate from the Northern horde disaster.&lt;/eu4&gt;
I wouldn't have a job if the minimum wage was £10 an hour or if they banned zero hour contracts so don't give me the party of the working man bollocks
Why wouldn't you have a job? Is your employer insolvent? £10 minimum wage is perfectly in line for any viable business to make a profit and there are many alternatives to zero hour contracts, flexible working was not invented with ZH contracts
The zero hours contract alows me to turn down work when I am away from uni for easter/ christmas/ summer. It's a small business with 10 employees. £10 minimum wage would put us out of business but it's all good because a middle class wankers know whats best for me
Yes people did that before zero hours, me for example whilst I was at university it was really simple
So you were guaranteed hours?  But you didn't have to work any of them?
No I had a part time contract
But from a legal standpoint I wouldn't be able to do that. I would prefer my contract guarantees it than I have to trust my employer
Your contact doesn't guarantee anything beyond the fact your employer doesn't have to give you any work
Lucky you. I did that and got sacked shortly after. I doubt it was a coincidence.
What a convoluted bullshit argument.
In what way?
I don't know where to start, it's like saying if Sainsbury's were shutdown, everyone who shopped there would starve. The suppliers would go elsewhere, as would the shoppers. A restriction on zero contracts will not be that prohibitive. Secondly, the argument against zero hours contracts is that the flexibility they provide is exploited by large employers on employees who are permanent staff in all but name. Reform isn't suggested to be a ban on zero hours employers, but protection against them used on effectively permanent staff in sectors like retail and hospitality.Thirdly, saying Labour isn't a party of the working class because their proposals will leave you out of a Uni job is just flawed to put it nicely. I don't doubt you like the flexibility of your position, but you're looking at it in isolation.
My gf is on a zh contract and was promised ft hours.She gets 20 most weeks and if lucky knows ger dhifts a week a head n isnt sent home on the day bec its too quiet.Different strokes for different folk.I suppose if she were a stydent she could sfford zh.Now were just struggling. 😐
The working people who are deserting the party in droves? Labour doesn't have a clue what it stands up for, if you ask the parliamentary party you get "what the Tories do, but with less conviction and less competence", if you ask the leader you get "return to the 1970's with added sabotaging of our foreign interests", if you ask fifty people on the street you'll get fifty different answers and if you ask Momentum you'll get a brick through your window. I would not mourn the consignment of the Labour party to the history textbooks.
oh look a living Tory meme
They're all over the place at the momentI think they reproduce asexually
He's right that the working class *are* deserting labour, though.You can argue with the reasons given - personally I think it's that the working class are a fair bit more conservative (small 'c') than people assume - but the first point was solid.
I don't think that at all and polling doesn't bear that out nor does British history. Labours main issue isn't the policies they are the most popular policy platform of all the parties
https://twitter.com/YouGov/status/856828122460819456
The Tories are terrible....it's Labours fault.
The only caveat is that Johnson, when in the same role, effectively bypassed all input from the Advisory Drugs Committee, which is mandatory on all drug law reform, when re-classifying magic mushrooms.Unlike Chairman May, he didn't try to manipulate their information though.
&gt;Unlike Chairman May, he didn't try to manipulate their information though.That's the part that's most concerning, drugs policy is a hot potato for politicians at the best of times. Manipulating information is alot more sinister.
Yeah, one is politicking and spin, the other is fraudulent.I don't know where the line is, but May is on the wrong side of it.
Not the only time she broke the law. It's been 4 years and 310 days since [she was found in contempt of court](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/9345345/Theresa-May-accused-of-unacceptable-and-regrettable-behaviour-by-judge.html), for example. Somebody remind me how the fuck FUCK FUCKITY FUCK did she survive that???
Was it a legal obligation to assess independent input back then? I thought that was a more recent stipulation the tories brought in?
I went to a talk by Nutt where he explained the basis of drugs legislation. The classification system was set up in conjunction with the Drugs Advisory Committee, an independent body who are legally required to advise on any change in classification. I don't know if this is the case in general.Nutt emphasised this because they weren't consulted at all by Johnson on the magic mushrooms reclassification, or rather they received an email the night before Johnson did it.
Aye it's irrelevant anyway as May refused to even consult the ACMD over the Psychoactive Substances Act, but then copied their suggestions verbatim as unofficial guidelines for police enforcement and the judiciary.
Id prefer a moderate government so I'm hoping for military coup and a junta of generals taking over the whole show. I don't think they could do any worse than the current shower of shit.
Theresa May is an anti-scientific cunt.
To be fair Labour sacked a drugs advisor because they didn't like the facts.
AFAIK this is *just* an accusation. Correct me if I'm wrong, wouldn't put it past her at all.
When she was in contempt of court as Home sec it wasn't an accusation, she was found guilty. So a few years later changes a finding and 0 fucks given. This accusation has merit.
did any evidence ever appear? if it did I'd love to send the story to someone I know
No but the accusation was from the deputy PM at the time about the home sec in the same government. He's wasn't exactly going to wikileaks it. But I don't think it was denied either.
Details, my dear boy. Details.
Welcome to your Red White and Blue dictatorship.
Evidence based policy would be nice, but britain's had enough of experts.
I never thought I'd say this but in the closing 12 hours of my dissertation where I've had to do this, I can really relate to the Prime Minister here.
Unless Clegg wants to provide material evidence, its just mud slinging and hearsay.At the end of the day, the war on drugs will only be over when the people effected by its propaganda are dead, currently they are of the age that actually turn up to vote.
Well he probably can't provide evidence since he was the deputy PM discussing it with May. It's not like it would have changed anything if  he did either. Doesn't mean it's not true or unsettling.
He could have jotted down some specifics given the gravity of the claim, if he can hint he can surely make a proper statement.As others have said though, hard to give a shit, so beyond frustrated with this country's drug policy. All I want to do is walk into a shop, in my own country, and have some fucking variety.
So it's an *allegation*, then?
Unlike her guilty charge as Home sec for contempt. Not an allegation then. She has a proven history of lying to you.
She wasn't found guilty of lying, she was found guilty of refusing to obey a legal agreement. That's worse.
Imagine what she will do if she gets even more power. I'm frightened for this county.
Not as bad as Gordon Brown, who fired his drug adviser for advising him on drugs.
Gordon Brown isn't up for election, May is...
Still relevant as he was the last Labour PM.
No it isn't and I bet even you know your stretching there.
It was Corbyn's fault.
You're thinking of Alan Johnson, Brown was the Chancellor and PM not Home Office minister.And Johnson didn't fire him for advice, he undermined the DAC by passing legislation without seeking their advice and then fired Prof. Nutt for his subsequent comments in the press.
Happy to see Johnson won't be running in my constituency again.
How many years ago was that?
2009 - https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2009/oct/30/david-nutt-drugs-adviser-sacked
Right, so what relevance does that hold on Theresa May doctoring results to suit her agenda, especially when it was 8 years ago?
I was killing two birds with one stone, answering your question literally, which apparently it wasn't and fleshing out /u/cabaretcabaret reply with a contemporaneous report as to why it wasn't a comparable answer.  Personally, Clegg's anecdote in the OP seems entirely consistent with my perception of May as a prescriptive, one-dimensional politician who struggles to see past her personal convictions. Because of this I find it very difficult to believe that she's adequately equipped to deal with the likely tumultuous five or so years ahead of the country.
Both sides are just as bad as each other.
[This, essentially.](http://m.imgur.com/76SMUGs)
It's not the stance on Drugs that worries me really, more the "tampering" of reports. Do you think that's a problem?
[deleted]
Well, it's not like at all really is it? One is leader of the party working with May as Home Sec going on record.The other is someone trying to sell a book.
[deleted]
You're being a bit lose with symantics there i think. If it was a criminal case, which it isn't, Clegg going on record would be taken as evidence. I think the reason there is nothing you would consider evidence is Clegg isn't exactly going to dump emails from the coalition government he was part of to prove something that isn't a crime. I had to sign an NDA for work, so I bet the Deputy PM would have been taken to the cleaners.
If Clegg was truly serious he would've made it a criminal case, or certainly have tried harder than getting the indy to run a piece on it. I know what you mean but there is still no evidence, and personally I don't see any gain from believing such stuff.Plus, we all know how valuable Clegg's words are, lol.
&gt; he would've made it a criminal caseHow? It's a report, not a legally binding document. It wouldn't have been illegal, just unethical.
Nobody thinks Cameron fucked a pig. Nobody even claimed Cameron fucked a pig. I pity the fool who considers "fucking" to mean "briefly inserting a flaccid penis into something for a dare in a posh twats club". Or I pity their wives, really.
What's with these Americanised threads trying to import causes from across the pond?Every single country on earth has a *favoured* drug of sorts.In North America it is cannabis for the educated and meth for the hoi polloi.In Bolivia it is coca leaves and they can't for the life of them understand what everyone is upset about.In the far east it is opium and all it's derivatives.In Britain it is *alcohol* - beer for the hoi polloi and Wine for the middle classes and gin for the upper classes. Drugs arn't *social* the way alcohol is, and in our culture doing intoxicating stuff *socially* is our thing.The North Americans like to smoke weed alone - but that is their thing, why make a fake attempt at importing their culture here?
What's America got to do with this? This is about the PM "tampering" with a report to suit personal opinions, worthy of discussion as it's the run up to the GE.The PM's time as Home Sec in question, not are drugs shit or brilliant.
He's trying to divert I think.
The only people who care about drug liberalisation are American wanabees trying to import their culture into the uk... It's not an issue in middle england where beer, cider and wine rule, along with the occasional gin and tonic.
&gt; The only people who care about drug liberalisation are American wanabees trying to import their culture into the ukThere's a lot of strong arguments for legalising weed that could come from people who never intend to smoke it - the amount of money pumped into organised crime through its sale would be eliminated, for instance. Less money for human traffickers, murderers, and so on is just a good thing for society. That has nothing to do with people wanting to emulate America.
I hate to play the devils advocate, but removing cannabis as a source of income might actually be worse overall for us inregards to organised crime. It will and is possibly a cause of the increasing numbers of human trafficking, because they are switching to a different income source in fear of them losing cannabis. Its a bit of a widespread but it explains the global increasing amount of trafficking.
I think there are way too many assumptions you've made there. Like for one that anybody willing to make money moving cannabis is also willing to traffic people. Or that criminals capable of moving cannabis around the country are in any way capable of discretely moving and controlling people. This is just wild, unsupported speculation on a subject already rife with spurious claims and misinformation.
The people exporting the majority of cannabis around the world are the same people running trafficking. Cartels, mafia, they run most of it. They already traffick people, it just isnt as profitable as cannabis so they prefer doing drug runs.
"The only people who care about drug liberalization are American wannabees trying to import their culture into the UK"*breathes in like a contractor about to lay out the cost of his service*See the problem with generic, sweeping statements like "the only people" is that someone like me comes along. slaps you upside your head and says "fuck off and go smoke a joint"
Are you high? Because you're talking complete bollocks.The UK has its own cannabis culture separate from the USA and has done for decades, it's nothing to do with "American wannabes". Also, the USA doesn't favour cannabis and meth over other drugs at all, their main drug of choice is clearly still alcohol, and in fact they have a history of drinking far more than us (especially prior to and during prohibition).And Drug liberalisation isn't really about drug culture, it's about making drugs safer.
You are incredibly out of touch with people's in their under 30s if you think that's true. Drug culture is massive in the U.K.
How old are you?
We banned cocaine and heroin originally not for some moralistic reasons but because they were becoming extremely problematic in society; a lot of people were using it. Both drugs were also being nicked from hospitals which was annoying for the public too. Its not because we "prefer alcohol".
can confirm, I got taxed above the basic rate for the first time recently and I have shunned beer and drink chenin blanc exclusivelyyou complete fucking mong
well you're entitled to believe what you want to believe /u/Mantonization even if it's completely false.the facts as I've seen them which I have gathered from listening to speeches from 'Prominent Feminists' and seeing the 'Rallies'(riots)  Indicate quite prominently to me that modern "feminists" are completely fucking insane.
